It's all about AI.
>> We're still seeing a lot of strength and
a lot of momentum around the AI trade.
>> Since March, we haven't seen anything
that resembles anything sort of a
pullback.
>> Demand is showing no signs of slowing
down.
>> Records will be broke over the coming
weeks.
>> This is Bloomberg surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now coming
into Thursday finding a crack in the
tech boom. Quarterly results from
Broadcom failing short of high
expectations [music]
as a beat and a race from Crowd Strike
is failing to satisfy big demands just
as JP Morgan's Jamie Diamond [music] is
gearing up to pitch the SpaceX IPO to
wealthy clients.
>> Is this supply anxiety coming to the for
a bit in markets? Is it just a sense
[music] that maybe we've gone too fast,
too hard after a streak that was almost
the longest winning streak going back to
1995 in terms of a 10th straight day
that we did not make yesterday? Some
people saying this is probably a healthy
cooling off given the fact that people
have already baked in such [music]
extreme valuations. It's more about
positioning than it is about the
results. With the SpaceX issue [music]
though, that's sort of starting to raise
questions about supply and demand.
>> To your point on Broadcom, let's look at
it in the pre-market. Down hard in early
trading, I get it. But you've got to
talk about how we got here. How we got
here? Going into earnings, [music]
Broadcom added $280 billion in four days
of trading. And based on that move this
morning, we're going to take [music]
those four days back.
>> And part of this is just that how much
are you levering up some of the earnings
that you're expecting? I mean, they
really did beat expectations in certain
areas. There were a couple of small
misses. Nonetheless, if you have shares
that are levering in so much growth over
the next 5, 10 years, a small miss or a
subdued beat is going to give some
[music] people some concerns. If you're
bullish, look at Taiwan Semi and look at
the comments coming out of the sweet
suite this morning. That company is
telling everyone [music] that this
sector is still supply constraint.
>> Still supply constraint. And they're
saying that they won't be able to meet
demand for years to come, [music] not
days, not months, years. And I think
this is the bigger story out of all of
them because this is really the crux of
the entire [music] AI trade. They have a
monopoly really when it comes to the
supply chain. And if they're saying that
they're not going to meet demand for
[music] years, well then why are these
stocks down? We've thrown a lot at this
market in just a few days. Think [music]
about it. An upsized Alphabet capital
raise. Not just the 80 billion we were
thinking about. Make it 85. You've got a
mega IPOs on the horizon as well.
[music] And by the way, for the year so
far, we talked about it earlier this
week. We've priced in near record time
$1 trillion of IG debt state side.
That's a lot of money being thrown
around.
>> And it's just the appetizer. When you
talk to investors, they say, "What are
they frontloading?" This is [music] just
the beginning of potentially a
multi-year cycle of more than trillion
dollars of spending [music] over the
next couple of years. For now, it's
essentially take from this guy, give it
to the semiconductors, and that's what
seems to have worked. Now, people are
starting to question how far [music] can
this go? Where is the pricing power?
TSMC, yes, they were saying that
demand's going to be really great for
years to come, and they can't meet it.
But they also said they're not going to
be increasing their prices as much as
some other players are going to be
increasing them just simply because they
want to create a stable, steady customer
base. So, here comes the tighter
monetary policy as well. Keep an eye on
this. Next week, the ECB is gearing up
to hike. The BOJ, according to our
sources, also gearing up to hike. And
the Federal Reserve, one more Fed
official [music] just talking up the
potential for a rate hike maybe later
this year.
>> Yeah, we've been hearing this ground
swell. Although, the fact that they're
talking about maybe some sort of rate
hike later this year. [music] Uh Beth
Hammock leading the charge on that one
gives you a sense of how far we are away
[music] from the ECB, the DOJ, and the
U. US the Federal Reserve saying we
probably should think about not easing.
This is sort of giving you a sense of
where we are.
>> A discussion about discussing it at some
point in the future as opposed to
actually hiking in the next week or so.
[music] Coming up this hour, we'll catch
up with Chris Verona Strategus as the
tech rally hits some turbulence. We'll
catch up with the State Department
spokesperson Tommy Pigot as Iran says
there is no progress in talks and Angelo
Zeno of CF as Broadcom falls short of
some big expectations. We begin this
hour with stocks pulling back as
earnings from broadcom crowd strike
failed to satisfy investor demands.
Chris Verona strategus writing the
trends remain strong across the board
among the major indices but there are
some blemishes out there that can't be
entirely looked over. Chris joins us now
for more. Chris, good morning.
>> Great to be here John.
>> Identify the blemishes. Where do you see
them?
>> Yeah, I mean listen financials I think
are the worst performing sector through
the first five months of the year. So
you can't entirely discount that the
banks have been a little bit squishy
here over the last couple of weeks in
particular. We've seen I think the
consumer finance names uh start to
weaken think Capital 1, AMX, Synchry
Financial. So there's some blemishes I
think within financials. The question
that I'm trying to figure out are the
impaired stocks or the impaired groups
are they weak because they're truly
impaired or are they weak because
they're just not AI stocks? And I think
that's the that's the big question of
the moment because we've been in this
highly rotational market. I think that
continues, but you but you do have to
just be aware of some of these um little
cracks around the edges.
>> What would your northstar be? What would
be the town in the market to back up one
versus the other?
>> So, I know there's all this debate on
like what level 10ear yields really, you
know, are the riskoff signal for stocks.
My gut is it's a level that's much
higher than people truly believe. I
mean, I I think we learned last week
that 465 10-year yields is not enough to
disrupt this entire story. And if you
kind of go back to past meltup or past
bubble like experiences, whether it was
Japan in '89 or NASDAQ in 99, the level
of the bond yield goes aggressively
higher. I mean, we saw JGB yields in uh
' 89 go 4 to 8. Um, in NASDAQ and 99, US
10s went 4 to7, right? So I think
there's a level materially higher than
where you start to really begin to
question I is is money being treated
better somewhere else.
>> If that's the case then bond yields
aren't close to that and you can park
that for now as a story as a tell.
>> The issue a lot of people are having is
are investors selling the likes of banks
and non- tech stocks to finance their
purchases of all of these IPOs that are
coming to market? You know, it certainly
seems like that that you [sighs] know,
certainly tech or AI has soaking up all
the oxygen in the room here. You know, I
would be more worried about financials
weaker or banks weaker if credit
conditions were deteriorating. That's
just not the case at all. Whether it's
subordinated bank spreads or
discretionary high yield, all of these
things are at or near the tight. So,
you're not seeing the knock-on effect in
credit. What gives me some comfort that
this is not some, you know, systemic
problem that's about to weave through
the markets here?
>> Systemic problem is one thing.
Overvaluation and being forced to buy a
lot of paper that even the CEO of the
biggest bank is trying to jam through
down everyone's throats gives you a
little bit of pause. And that's one of
the concerns that people have. They're
sort of being forced to buy into
something that is becoming the market,
potentially the fifth biggest company in
the world in the S&P 500. and all of a
sudden it's sort of like, do we really
like what we're being sold?
>> Well, that's what I think we learned
this week. I I think we learned this
week that the interest rate, the 10ear
yield is not high enough yet to prevent
this from happening. So, I think we have
to find a level on tenure yield that's
meaningfully higher than where it
presently is. And I know what we're
supposed to think here. I know we're
supposed to, well, listen, I I think
we're supposed to think that, okay, a
deal with Iran gets done and yields go
back to where they were pre-war and oil
goes back to where it was pre-war and
the energy stocks all sell off. But
that's not what the trends suggest. The
trends in global yields are still up,
not down. The trends in energy stocks
are still up, not down. So, I have to
kind of be differential to the trends.
So, I think ultimately we're talking
about a 10-year yield that's probably
higher than where we were uh last week,
maybe with a five handle on it before
all is said and done here.
>> So, you're basically baking in more
inflation when it comes to AI trade,
also energy. But the Treasury Secretary
yesterday once again called it I don't
think he used the word transitory
yesterday. He said transient or a blip.
Do you think inflation right now is a
blip?
>> Well, I think it's a mistake to look at
the move anomaly yields and think it's
all inflation. I mean, look at the
surprise index. It's accompanied uh
yields higher the whole way. I mean,
there's been a really meaningful growth
element to this. Um, five-year break
evens are frankly back to where they
were pre-war. So, I think the growth
element of this is much more potent than
we're getting credit for. And frankly,
you see in the industrial stocks, I mean
the industrials still lack well. What
what what names industrials broke out
this week? United Rentals, Granger,
Fastenol, Eaton. I mean, these are not
growth falling off the cliff type names.
>> The bond market just hasn't been a town
for the equity market. Japan's a
fantastic example of that. the start of
the year if I turned around to you and
said okay look Japan Japanese Japanese
stocks they're going to face the
following headwinds BG might hike you're
going to see record highs on certain
yields across certain maturities in the
JGB market and yet here we are at more
than 30% on the nickel
you know for 30 or 40 years when JGB
yields were falling right um why do we
want to go back to that wasn't
particularly good for Japanese stocks
then and yet there's all this alarm that
they're you know 270 here on JGBT10s.
Um, look at the Japanese banks making
new highs today. MUFG new high today. I
think we'll get a clue when the move in
Japanese yields has kind of cross the
level um when you begin to see the
Japanese banks weaken and there's been
no evidence of that here yet. Now, when
you look at what's driven the Nikki up
30% year to date in an environment where
logically you'd say, "Oh my god, they're
in the midst of an energy crisis here."
Um it has been a lot of the same type of
stocks that have driven the move here,
but they still have the banks working uh
in Japan. I think that's an important uh
and meaningful distinction from what
from what we've seen here.
>> Do you think that yields really ought to
be higher just as a policy response to
some of the froth that you're seeing
when you're saying that some of these
IPOs are getting a little uncomfortable?
I'm not saying they should or they
shouldn't be and they'll do what they
ultimately please, but I think at the
end of the day when you're in these
meltuplike environments, uh you're going
to find a level on the 10-year yield
ultimately where prevent where it um
suggests there's sufficient competition
for stocks. And if you look at this kind
of market we've been in, particularly
over the last couple years, money
doesn't want to leave the asset class of
equities. It's just been slloshing
around and rotating from this group to
that group. So there has to be some
catalyst or some reason why it would
leave. And the only thing I can think of
is a materially higher bond yield which
we haven't seen yet.
>> Your point though I think is a valid
point. This move in bonds is not just
about the move in energy. In fact it
might not even be the primary driver.
And I think that's the change in fixed
income that I've identified more
recently particularly among the Fed
officials. I think even if you address
the situation in the Middle East this
conversation about rate hikes doesn't
disappear overnight. not in this country
>> especially because of the capex spending
especially because of the resilient
consumer that we continue to see in all
of the earnings especially because of
the manufacturing boom that you're
seeing in some of these names that all
is coming together for that
>> you know I think in this business there
is nothing less satisfying than thinking
you got the story right but losing money
and I think there's nothing more
satisfying than frankly getting the
story wrong but still making money and
when I think about what we thought this
year you know we went into 2026 thinking
you get melt up in asset prices because
either Wars or Hasset would be cutting
into a very strong economy. Clearly,
that's not happening, right? We're not
going to get cuts into this uh
environment. Yet, we're having a meltup
nevertheless. So, maybe this year has
been a lesson in the latter. Wrong on
the story, but right uh on the market.
>> Do you want to stand smart or make
money?
>> Yeah, it's easy.
>> The Middle East has been a great example
of that over the last few months.
There's a lot of reasons to worry.
That's not going to have you make money
at the moment,
>> which is the reason why everyone's going
for the make money and sound like, you
know, on a This is the reason why Chris
Ran came up with the mantra of 2026.
>> The less you know,
>> the less you know.
>> It's a great line. The less you know.
>> Thank you.
>> It's the client's picking up on that
line, too.
>> Well, listen, it's got to park the
world, put them in a box.
>> Think about the course of the year. If
on February 27th, Lisa, if if on
February 27th, the day before the bomb
started flying when gold was 5,500, if
you would have guessed where it would be
today, you would not guess 4,500, you'd
guess 7,000 or defense stocks weaker
over this period or a yield curve
flatter.
>> Energy stocks.
>> My point is the market's always two or
three steps ahead of me or you, right?
So, let's be imaginative and open to
what it's trying to tell us. Maybe gold
went down because we learned during this
war that energy reserves are more
valuable than gold reserves. I don't
know. It's an idea. But my point is um
the market seems to be ahead of us.
Let's just spend more time listening,
less time telling it what it should be
doing.
>> The post-pandemic period has been
humbling so far. Let's put it that way.
Chris, it's good to see you. Great to
see you.
>> Thank you, buddy. Chris Veron there of
Strategus. Equity futures right now in
the S&P pulling back by 0.4% with an
update on stories worldwide this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee
has more. Hey Isabelle. [music]
>> Hi John. The US says Israel and Lebanon
agreed to a ceasefire. The White House
saying the agreement is contingent
[music] on quote a complete sessation of
attacks by Hezbollah. There has been no
indication Hezbollah has accepted
[music] the terms of the deal. Broadcom
shares falling in pre-market trading.
The company delivered a disappointing
forecast for AI chip revenue. [music]
Broadcom says it's making progress with
AI customers including Alphabet,
Anthropic, and Meta. And in sports news,
which I believe will make [music] some
of you happy, the New York Knicks are
off to a strong start in the NBA finals,
beating the San Antonio Spurs 105 to 95.
The Knicks have won 12 consecutive
playoff [music] games and are three wins
away from their first title in 53 years.
Game two tips off tomorrow night in
Texas. [music] That's your Bloomberg
brief, John.
>> Isabelle, thank you. One person in
particular, of course, wearing Nick's
blue this morning around the table. I
noticed that a little bit of a pop in a
step this morning, too.
>> I [music] was excited. So, I went to bed
and it was a rough game and then I woke
up, watched the second half, the fourth
quarter. Incredible. Neil Dutto was
there sending me I woke up to, you know,
a live feed of Neil playbyplay. He's on
the Knicks Instagram.
>> I saw that. He's very happy with that.
Have you positioned the mug for the
bumpout?
>> Yeah, let's get it.
>> Okay, get that ready. All right. Up next
on the program, mixed messaging on Iran.
>> In that part of the world, ceasefires
when you're shooting in a more moderate
manner. The negotiation itself has gone
very well. Actually, it might not
happen. Who knows? But if it happens, it
could happen like over the weekend.
>> Up next on the program, we'll catch up
with the State Department spokesperson
Tommy Pigot live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
More data coming up later this morning.
8:30 Eastern time. Another read on the
jobs market. Jobless claims just around
the corner. Payrolls Friday, the main
event tomorrow morning at 8:30. Into
that, your scores look like this.
Pulling back [music] on the S&P. We are
down by 0.4%.
Over on the NASDAQ, we're down by one
full percentage point. Broadcom in the
pre-market [music] getting absolutely
hammered. Talk about lofty expectations.
That company falling short.
>> Yeah, and you mentioned how much market
cap they have been adding and so far
this year they're up almost 40%. the
fact that they didn't outperform the way
that some of the other [music] names
have with beats that have been
monstrous. I mean, we've seen some
really big beats. They did not do that
and as a result, they're getting heavily
punished and it's spreading to others,
too. Crowd strike [music] as well.
>> Down double digits in the pre-market.
More on that name a little bit later
this morning. And Savanis this morning,
mixed messaging on Iran.
>> Is the ceasefire with Iran still on?
>> Well, you know, there's a reason for
everything and we hit them pretty hard
in that part of the world. ceasefires
when you're shooting in a more moderate
manner. The negotiation itself has gone
very well actually. It might not happen,
you know. Who knows? But if it happens,
it could happen like over the weekend.
>> That wasn't a bad definition of a
ceasefire in the Middle East. You know,
>> it's not.
>> It's like fairly accurate.
>> When I go to sources and I'm like, how
is a ceasefire holding? They're like,
Amry, it's the Middle East.
>> Precisely. So, here's the latest this
morning. The president remaining
positive on negotiations as Thran says
there has been no tangible progress.
Overnight clashes between Israel and
Hezbollah are complicating talks as
Lebanon's president says a ceasefire
with Israel could begin within 24 hours.
Joining us now is Bloomberg's Air Abu
Omar from Dubai. A beer, welcome to the
program. Welcome back. Let's get caught
up on where we are. Are we making
progress? That's the one question I hear
every single day on this program. Are we
making progress? Any signs of that this
morning?
>> Well, it's the Middle East is the right
sentiment here. a lot of conflicting
statements. We're still getting a lot of
those. Uh and the latest is still pretty
confusing. What we know is that Israeli
officials had met with Lebanese
counterparts yesterday and what they
reached was essentially talks to for
Hezbollah to uh stop its hostilities
against Israel and Israel to do the
same. So it's conditional. Israel did
say that if Hezbollah stops its attacks
against the northern part, then Israel
would reduce its hostilities. But just
about an hour, an hour and a half ago,
the hostilities remain in the southern
part of Lebanon where Israel has its
deepest incursion in about 25 years. And
so we're still seeing that the Liberty's
president coming out to local media and
saying that we may see the truths come
into effect in the next 24 hours. But
then he also did say that he's waiting
to hear responses from different parties
that may include that may include uh
Israel as well. President Trump on his
own right did say that we may see
broader negotiations between Iran and
the United States carrying on this
weekend, but then he also said they may
not. So, we go back to this back and
forth that we've been witnessing over
the past couple of months or so since
the initial ceasefire was put in place.
Still wait and see mode. still waiting
to see if the truce does come into
effect between Lebanon and Israel for
the broader interim deal to start being
negotiated.
>> Be thank you. Appreciate the update as
always. Joining us now around the table,
the State Department spokesperson, Tommy
Viger. Tommy, you're the man this
morning. Good morning to you. Tell us
we're making some progress because I can
tell you on Wall Street, this is the
number one story that people don't want
to talk about right now. Are we moving
forward?
>> Well, look, we're moving forward in
achieving the president's objective. I
mean, you started saying mixed messaging
on Iran, but the president's been clear
from the beginning what his primary
objective is here. The Iranian regime
can't have a nuclear weapon. So, we saw
Operation Epic Fury the decisive
outcomes from that. We're seeing in
Lebanon and Israel those talks being
separate from these talks regarding the
nuclear issue, but the highest level
talks since 1993, progress being made
there. The president's not going to be
rushed into a bad deal. He's going to
make a good deal for the American
people. And he's indicated we're seeing
some movement here from the Iranian
side.
>> The president yesterday talked about a
ceasefire. I talked about this a little
bit earlier, saying that that basically
means shooting in a more moderate
manner. That's what the ceasefire is.
What would it take for this
administration to say the ceasefire is
off?
>> Well, look, I think what we're seeing
here regarding this is defensive
actions. Of course, you saw operation
epic fury decimation of their defense
industrial complex, their missile
complex, their navy for example. But of
course, we're going to take defensive
action to protect US interest in US
troops. That's a common sense approach.
We also have in this context economic
theory that a blockade that we have
Iranian ships, Iranian port. So there's
leverage the president has. He has all
the cards here. And what we saw the
secretary describe before Congress is we
are seeing the Iranian regime talk about
many of the things that they refuse to
talk about for months. But the president
also being clear he's going to see this
objective be fulfilled one way or
another. The Iranian regime cannot have
a nuclear weapon.
>> The Wall Street Journal reporting
overnight that Trump told his aids that
he won't resume an all-out war with Iran
unless US troops are killed. Is that
going to be the line where potentially
we could see more offensive attacks?
>> Well, look, as the president is saying
again, we're going to take defensive
action to protect US troops, US
soldiers. I'm not here to predict the
future, but what the president may
decide, but of course, we're going to
take that defensive action. Of course,
we are. That's a common sense approach.
If we see threats against US interests,
US troops, we're going to be acting. And
the president, the D has done just that.
>> Why isn't the International Atomic
Energy Agency involved in these talks?
Well, I mean, we see the president
talking about a role for the IAEA in
terms of the destruction of the nuclear
dust. The president, this has been a
long-standing concern for the entire
world, the threat that the Iranian
regime having a nuclear weapon could
have. It's the president who has taken
action to actually address this. Well,
the IAEA came out uh overnight with a
report where they said that the risk of
Iran developing a nuclear weapon right
now is higher than it was a number of
months ago, raising concerns that they
don't have access to oversight and
saying that they would like to be more
involved in these negotiations. Do you
have any understanding of where they are
in this and the urgency to get them in
to be able to surveil what's going on?
>> Well, again, part of the discussions
we're having here, as the president has
indicated publicly, is regarding the
destruction of the enriched uranium.
uranium that was enriched beyond a point
of any sort of peaceful purpose. The
IAEA the president indicating would play
a role within that. Regarding where the
Iranian regime is, as the secretary
discussed before Congress, they were
attempting to develop a conventional
weapon shield which they could act with
basically impunity to develop a nuclear
weapon. The president taking clear
concrete action to decimate that
conventional military shield. So, the
president taking action to prevent the
Iranian regime from having a nuclear
weapon uh consistently from the
beginning of this administration.
>> How effective has the blockade been?
We've had this blinking contest for a
while trying to work out at what point
will we breach storage capacity in Iran.
Have you got anything to share with us
this morning about how effective that
blockade has been?
>> Well, it's been incredibly effective in
terms of blocking revenue from going to
the Iranian regime. Hundreds of millions
of dollars a day being blocked from the
Iranian regime. This is also the broader
context of that maximum pressure policy.
We're actually continuing to take action
at the State Department, the Treasury
Department to target entities that are
trying to evade US sanctions that are
designed to deny the regime the funds
they need for their malign activities.
We saw actions as recently either
yesterday or earlier this week. Those
actions have continuing. So, this
economic fury is continuing. We're
seeing in terms of the effect hundreds
of millions of dollars being denied to
the Iranian regime.
>> Secretary Rubio was in front of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee as
well this week and he said that Iran has
laid very large parts of the street of
Hermoose with mines. Have any of them
been cleared? How much of the straight
is still mined?
>> Well, the president indicating that
we're taking operations to see that
demining of the strait. I think this
also shows the difference here. The
Iranian regime trying to close the
straight of Hormuz and say that we
should be able to control who goes to
the straight of Hormuz. That's why we
saw this blockade of Iranian chips and
Iranian ports. We're not going to be in
a situation where we're going to accept
a country deciding unilaterally who gets
to use an international waterway. That's
not going to happen. The president and
the secretary both indicating that.
>> Yeah. Tommy, can you see why people on
Wall Street right now are slightly
frustrated with some of the
communication coming from the White
House? And I'll give an example. The
president said the straight would reopen
back on April 17th. The straight did not
reopen. It feels like we're getting the
same headlines recycled every week. Can
you see the frustration right now for
people on Wall Street track in this
story?
>> Well, look, I think fundamentally the
president's a dealmaker. We saw the
action. He takes the action he needs to
take. We saw it with Operation Midnight
Hammer. We saw it with Operation.
>> He's not making a deal, is he?
>> Well, I think he's working on that deal.
I mean, we're seeing him make more
progress than anyone's ever made in
terms of this uh addressing this issue,
in terms of the real results we've seen
from these operations. The president
wants that diplomatic approach, but
fundamentally, the Iranian regime cannot
have a nuclear weapon. That would have
been an untenable threat to the region,
the entire world. That was being
addressed, that has been addressed, that
is being addressed.
>> Tommy, appreciate your time. Thank you,
sir. Thank you very much. The State
Department spokesperson there, Tommy
Pigot, on the elusive Iranian deal.
Let's hope we make some some progress
and pretty soon because as I say on Wall
Street, the frustration with this story
sky-high.
>> Well, I think the issue is, and anyone
who's covered Iran knows this really
well, it took 20 months to do the JCPOA.
Whether you agree with it or not, the
Iranians drag their feet and they very
high threshold for pain. They don't care
as much [music] about their domestic
politics the way a US president has to
care.
>> Crude this morning down about 1%. Brent
crude around 96. Coming up next, we'll
catch up with Angelo Zeno of CF as
Broadcom's outlook fails to impress.
That stock this morning getting hammered
in the pre-market.
Here's
a picture of the stock market this
morning. Pulling back on the S&P 500,
pulling back on the Nasdaq, led by tech.
We'll get [music] to Broadcom Crowd
Strike in just a moment. On the NASDAQ
100, we're down by 1.2%. [music]
Yesterday on the S&P, snapping a 9-day
winning run, falling short of the
longest winning streak since the 1990s
[music] following a 20% move off the low
on the S&P 500. Just taking some heat
out of this equity market. Turn to the
bond market board. Check it out.
two-year [music] yields, 10 year yields,
30-year yields coming down just a touch.
We're down three basis points on a
2-year at 4.05%. The data so far this
week, the details are nuance. They get
that, but on a headline basis, the data
so far this week, claims, the ISM,
[music]
job openings, take your pick. We'll get
claims later, but the data so far this
week has been pretty decent.
>> Yeah, ISM manufacturing outperformed.
Jolts [music] came in stronger than
expected. ISM services came in hotter
than expected, although the ca caveat
there being the employment figure.
[music] So again, trying to understand
the employment backdrop to really
support the extreme economic beats that
we keep getting from the US. The
>> bond market just not in the driving seat
at the moment at all. It seems to be
about the [music] economic data, which
is okay, and the earnings. Are there
some cracks in the earnings? Let's talk
about some single names. Your morning
[music] movers, Yahara has more. Hey,
Yahara.
>> Hi, John. The AI trade is under pressure
this morning, and Broadcom is at the
center of it. Shares are falling 13%
after it gave an AI chips outlook that
failed to clear an increasingly high
bar. As you said earlier, the stock had
added some $270 billion in market cap in
just the past five sessions, leaving
little room for just for disappoint
disappointment. And just to give you a
flavor of what the analyst community is
thinking, City says any pullback should
be viewed as a buying opportunity. Uh,
another company that failed to impress
investors is Crowdstrike. [music] Shares
also plunging some 10% in the pre-market
uh, after the cyber security company
delivered an outlook that largely
matched expectations but failed to
justify a nearly 60% surge in the stock
year to date. Investors have been
betting uh, that AI powered cyber
threats would create a wave of demand
for its products, but uh, the outlook
failing to [music] reinforce that
thesis. And we end on the consumer with
Five Below shares also plunging 10% in
the pre-market even after it delivered a
beat [music] and a raise. And the issue
here was the warning that Five Below
gave on the consumer saying that higher
tax refunds uh helped drive spending
this quarter, but that things will take
a turn in the second half with the
consumer [music] feeling the squeeze
from higher inflation. John
>> Yahara, thank you. Bit of a lesson
yesterday afternoon following those
earnings. the difference between analyst
expectations and [music] market
expectations and sometimes there's a bit
of a spread. I think we learned that
with Crowd Strike.
>> Yeah. Essentially, uh the analyst
expectations aren't good enough and the
market is expecting much more than that.
They've been spoiled and truth be told
because you've seen beats that are some
10 billion dollars by some companies in
revenue. So you start seeing that kind
of outperformance in some of these
companies, you start thinking this is
normal. when a beaten race is not good
enough over a crowd strike. On our radar
this morning, the US saying the
ceasefire with Iran is holding up. The
president confirming Israel and Lebanon
have agreed to hold strikes, addressing
a key sticking point for Thran.
>> We actually spoke with Hezbollah for the
first time ever. We didn't know they
spoke and uh they agreed
yesterday. They're not going to shoot.
Israel's not going to shoot. We're just
going to see
>> the president on Hezbollah. I mean,
sometimes you don't know what to say.
>> How do you respond to that? We didn't
know they spoke.
>> We didn't know that we spoke. Yes.
>> Part of the Lebanese government.
>> Yes. I That was interesting.
>> Yeah. Hasb yet to agree to the deal.
Reportedly firing rockets at Israeli
troops in the last hour. Elsewhere, the
Bank of Japan considering hiking rates
when it meets later this month. Sources
telling us here at Bloomberg, officials
are likely to raise the policy rate to
1%. They see scope for more hikes,
citing persistent upside risk to
inflation. And finally, JP Morgan boss
Jamie Diamond pitching the SpaceX IPO to
the bank's high net worth clients today.
According to invites seen by Bloomberg,
Diamond hosting the interactive
discussion with SpaceX executives. It
will be cast to 90 JP Morgan locations
in 26 states.
>> Yeah, with thousands of some of their
high netw worth individuals joining in.
A question here about JP Morgan's
involvement. First of all, not the lead
uh bank at all that is Goldman. That is
some of the other banks as well that
have gotten that lead left kind of
position. The fact that Jaime Diamond
himself is pitching this is notable. And
the fact that it's coming with a price
tag that's already fixed is notable. And
it comes with a much bigger potential
participation from the retail investor
just based on the share going to them.
And frankly, the scope of paper that
needs to get taken down by people who
might not already have exposure.
>> Well, it's really interesting because
you look at the arc of this
relationship. This is when Elon Musk at
Tesla, Jamie Diamond, JP Morgan, there
have been lawsuits. They've had a lot of
issues. But I was reminded yesterday
reading this story that Jaime Diamond
said something at Davos a few years ago.
They hugged it out that he is the
Einstein Einstein of our generation. So
I'm not surprised that he's taking this
personal touch because who knows there
might be another one for Elon Musk
another public offering and he can you
know get the get the number one bank.
>> I'm going to park JP Morgan and Jamie
Diamond and just talk in general terms.
Of course money could convert a lot of
people and there's so much money to be
made from this IPO. This isn't your
usual IPO. This is a company that's been
in private markets for two decades,
founded some 24 years ago, coming to
market, raising 75 billion, which is a
multiple of the largest IPO we've ever
seen. In fact, the demand is so high,
and we covered this story earlier on
this week that SpaceX and Elon Musk is
basically telling the bankers now what
the fees will be. And before the road
show, he's fixing the price. That just
tells you how much leverage right now
that company has or at least the
leverage it believes it has coming into
this process
>> and the incentive from the biggest
bankers of the world to pitch this very
hard to get this cleared in a positive
way especially given the fact that this
is the leadup the appetizer to two other
very big IPOs. All of these banks want a
big piece of that too and they want to
get the fees associated with all the
add-on deals. You take a p picture of
that and you understand why there is
such a bullish tone coming out.
>> All these seauitees are incentivized to
keep everything spinning to keep
everybody dancing to keep this market at
decent levels. No one wants to push back
and ruin the party. There's so much
money to be made and if you're not on
the inside you're behaving very
differently. Jeffre and the story we
wrote in the last 24 hours offering a
vehicle to take the other side of the
trade because they're not part of the
IPO process. At least that's the way
people believe things have played out
here. That tells you everything you need
to know.
>> Yeah. Well, it tells you two things.
Number one, there are some people who
are getting skeptical about the story
and the euphoria around some of these
names. And number two, if you're not in
on it, you are bitter and you are going
to come up with a way to play the other
side.
>> Let's talk about Broadcom and the other
side of the trade. Lower in the
pre-market this morning. AI chip revenue
falling short of Wall Street estimates.
Angelo Zeno of CFR maintaining a buy
rating on the shares and writing the
following. The bar was extremely high.
Broadcom delivered exceptional results.
Angelo joined us now for more. Angelo,
welcome to the program. The numbers are
exceptional. Your words, the reaction is
not. What's the lesson from the reaction
this morning?
>> Yeah, I mean, and I think that summed it
all all pretty well in the sense that,
you know, expectations um were
definitely high kind of going into this,
right? And um I don't know you know as
far as lessons learned here or or you
know what can we can make out of this
you know I would say listen um the
demand environment looks extremely good
still um valuations actually still look
pretty good especially on Broadcom's
side of things and this is not you know
something where um expectations have
really built up been built up too high
but I'd say this is one of those um
situations right now where um when we
look ahead um there are still red flags
um to consider here. Broadcom kind of I
think brought up some of those um
concerns that the market may have
looking out into 2027 and beyond. Um so,
you know, you kind of have to start
putting all that stuff into context, but
you kind of look here for Broadcom, you
know, over the next, you know, couple of
quarters and you Broadcom more
specifically than others. Um they remain
very entrenched in the key, uh players
out there within the the AI AI
ecosystem. And as a result um you know I
think this is a place you still want to
be um acknowledging know that there are
risks that are that are heightening.
>> Angelo as a group these stocks have
absolutely ripped but within the group
of chip makers there are individual
different strategies. Broadcom notably
helping others build chips for
themselves. Slightly different to the
strategy at some other chip makers.
Angelo how is that strategy playing out
at the moment?
I mean, I think for Broadcom, they
they've got some pretty good visibility
because of that strategy. Um, and you
know, you kind of look at at again who
they've kind of built and and partnered
with here over the last couple of
quarters. That visibility um is there,
but you you kind of again, you kind of
look at um you know, where the money is
flowing right now. um it's not going to
the NVIDIA and Broadcoms of the world
which which have really been the two big
winners and taking the lion share of the
AI uh you know money here over the last
couple of years. It's going to um you
know the content gainers or perceived
content gainers that we expect to see
here over the the next couple of years.
It's those bottleneck guys. Um it's the
CPU players. It's the the optics guys.
um some of those guys that maybe haven't
benefited as much here over the last
couple of years that are going to maybe
sell into the Nvidia um and you know
other guys of the world. So um those are
the winners at this point in time. again
um if you're kind of more of a long-term
strategic player looking at um
valuations and growth um you know as
well I think kind of the the the more
balanced approach at this point in time
probably u shifts a little bit more
towards broadcom with this pullback as
well as Nvidia
>> there's an important potential theme
that could be emerging Angelo and I'd
love your thought on this are we already
seeing the capex plans by the
hyperscalers getting fully priced in the
semiconductor index and essentially if
you want that kind of growth, that trade
at least is over and it's got to move
elsewhere.
>> I think that's a fair point to make. Um,
you know, we obviously don't know until,
you know, all this stuff kind of plays
itself out, but I I think I think you're
right. I mean, I I think as far as, you
know, the capex expectations are
concerned as we look out here into 2027,
the expectation is, you know, you're
going to get another record capex spend
year and then, you know, we'll see what
happens in 28 and 2029. Um but yeah, I
mean as far as you know the actual the
capex numbers itself probably um that is
largely priced in with also the caveat
that um there could potentially be risk
to those numbers as we go into 27 and 28
not because of what's going on from a
demand perspective but more so on maybe
let's call it some of the energy
bottlenecks out there. When you look at
a company like Broadcom that reported
last night, um they did hint at or they
cited that the rising backlog out there,
but that rising backlog is a lot is
increasingly being um dictated to more,
you know, forward kind of um numbers.
And the big reason for that is um a lot
of these these players out there need to
ensure that they're getting access to
that power. So you could potentially
see, you know, some hiccups along the
way as we kind of again get into 27 and
28 um tied to some of those capex
expectations.
>> We're seeing right now the pullback
after the socks index is up almost 100%
so far this year. I mean, it's been a
pretty stunning rally. From your
perspective, what would you have to see
to say, yeah, we've seen the top. Yeah,
we probably have seen the bulk of the
gains.
Yeah, I mean that that's a great
question and and you know I don't know
if that's one that can necessarily be
answered. Um you know I think this is
one of those situations where um you
never know where valuations are going to
go when it comes to the the chip
industry for that and tech for that
matter. Um I think you can make a case
where u you know as growth rates start
to ease going into the next couple of
years those valuations have to kind of
compress a bit and I I would think that
should be kind of the overarching
sentiment. But at this point in time,
you just don't know how sustainable some
of this stuff is going into the next
couple of years. I don't know if there's
necessarily some sort of u you know what
that red flag is going to be because
there there are so many different ways
that this can play out here over the
next couple years. But again, um, as
long as that demand landscape remains
intact, and right now it really does,
and you kind of look out here over the
next couple of years, and you look at
what the drivers of demand, um, you
know, at this point uh, is, and I think
at this point in time, you have to kind
of assume again that that and demand
looks fairly well. I do think those
other bottlenecks, those some of those
constraints out there, specifically on
the energy side of things, um, is
something that could kind of put a dent
in the party here, um, looking out over
the next couple of years. But um that
being said, I think as long as that
demand landscape remains intact, the
market just it's just something the
market's going to have to work with and
u potentially it does lead to an
intermediate term uh peak. But um again,
as long as that demand landscape is
there, um it's something the market can
probably work through.
>> Angela, good to see you as always,
buddy. Angelo Zeno there of CF. The
beats have been so big that the misses
are making headlines. A notable miss
from Broadcom this morning. The NASDAQ
is down by 1.2% 2% with an update on
stories worldwide. Let's get to your
Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has more.
Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. [music] The House approved a
war powers resolution that would end US
military action against [music] Iran in
a rebuke of President Trump. Four
Republicans joined Democrats in a push
to end the three-monthlong conflict.
[music] The measure now faces a vote in
the Senate. President Donald Trump will
attend the G7 leader summit in France
later this month. Trump will also attend
the NATO summit in Turkey next month.
According to Secretary of State Marco
[music] Rubio, there were questions
about Trump's attendance as he
repeatedly expressed anger with NATO
members for not helping with Iran war
and Anthropic gearing up for its IPO.
Sources telling us here at [music]
Bloomberg, the maker of the Claude
chatbot picked Morgan Stanley and
Goldman Sachs to lead its [music]
offering. Anthropic was valued at $965
billion after its last funding round,
making it one of the largest [music]
private companies. That's your Bloomberg
brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. Appreciate it. More
from Isabel in the next hour. Up next on
the program, balancing [music] the dual
mandate.
>> I'm increasingly concerned that higher
interest rates could be necessary later
this year to fully restore [music] price
stability and appropriately balance both
sides of the Fed's dual mandate.
>> We got another one. Andrew Sheets and
Morgan Stanley joins [music] us next.
snapped the winning streak in
yesterday's session. [music] Here's the
pullback this morning. Down by 0.5% on
the S&P, on the NASDAQ down by 1.2%.
Broadcom getting hammered. Crowd Strike
getting hammered. Not your typical day
in big tech. By typical, I mean usually
these names are just ripping post
earnings, but we haven't [music] seen
that this time around. in the bond
market heading into economic data and
the data so far this week has been
decent. [music] Yields are lower by
three basis points, 4.05% on twos, but
still around 450 on 10, [music] 447. And
more and more Fed officials just coming
around to the idea that maybe it's time
to think about tighter policy. Not now,
but in the future. [music] Under
surveillance this morning, balancing the
dual mandate.
>> The labor market appears stable and
broadly balanced. These conditions
indicate to me that monetary policy is
not restraining the economy. I'm
increasingly concerned that higher
interest rates could be necessary later
this year to fully restore price
stability and appropriately balance both
sides [music] of the Fed's dual mandate.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Federal Reserve's Beige book showing
steady employment and rising
inflationary pressures. Andrew Sheets of
Morgan Stanley writing, "We think the
Fed stays on hold then cuts next year."
Andrew joins us now for more. Andrew,
welcome to the program. So, what would
you describe? How would you describe
some of the commentary we've had from
certain Fed officials? Is that just
theatrical a communication exercise or
is it something else?
>> No, thanks and and good morning. Look, I
I think it's accurately describing the
state of play to this point. You know,
the Fed's dual mandate is inflation and
jobs. On jobs, the labor market remains
very solid. Unemployment's, you know,
4.3%.
But on inflation, you know, the 3month,
six month or 12-month average of core
PCE is over 3%, you know, well well over
the Fed's target. So certainly, I think
coming into the second half of the year,
there's there's, I think, a justifiable
concern that uh the Fed is succeeding on
the job side of the mandate, but but not
succeeding on the inflation side. Now,
what we think changes is that we think
that inflation picture does look better
in the second half of the year. uh we we
think inflation does come down that uh
we think even the next CPI reading that
that the market will get will be a bit
lower than consensus and we also think
the labor market data we're a little bit
below consensus on this Friday's number
and we think the labor market is will
remain choppy and and again enough with
enough uncertainty to keep the Fed on
hold this year and then opening up uh
the potential in our case the base case
for some cuts next year. So on net
putting that together cutting for the
right reasons next year. What about the
hiking conversation now? Is that
conversation for the right reasons or
the wrong reasons?
>> I think it's for the right reasons.
Again, the the inflation numbers are
above the Fed's target. They've been
above the Fed's target for a number of
years for an extended period of time.
And and I think there is a lot of
uncertainty around where inflationary
pressures of the economy really are. You
know, we were just talking on this
program in the prior section about um
semiconductors and and the the enormous
demand for AI infrastructure. I mean,
there are huge increases in in the costs
of memory and power and compute that are
that are going on as you have this
historic buildout um within the AI
ecosystem. So uh you look at things like
ISM prices paid either on services that
we got yesterday or on manufacturing.
Those measures are are pretty elevated
relative to the last you know 2030
years. So there there are certainly I
think signs that that the Fed should be
on guard for for those higher
inflationary pressures. Again in our
view in our modeling those pressures do
ease in the second half of the year and
so by the first half of 27 that that
creates some space for the Fed to to
ease policy modestly. But it's it's
absolutely I think a very fair thing for
these officials to be thinking about and
and contemplating.
>> Do you think that there is anything that
could happen between now and the end of
next end of this year that you think
should prompt them to raise rates?
>> So I I think there'd be a few things. I
mean and and again I think the the
elephant in the room would be the Iran
conflict. Our our thinking is that the
Fed would look through that that the Fed
would would see that as more of a growth
shock than an inflationary shock. And so
that's probably not the factor that we
think would move the Fed towards hiking.
But I I think it would be a few things.
One is it would be that you start to see
core services um continue to remain
elevated and and again right a lot of
disinflationary pressure is coming from
the shelter categories uh from housing.
You know you could argue those are more
backwardlooking and it's some of the
core services numbers that are
representing the real kind of tightness
in the economy. I also think this idea
that if jobs growth looks a little bit
better in the second half of the year,
again the first half of the year the
data was very noisy and I think there's
been a lot of fear around kind of AI
related technological progress um
leading to job losses. If if that does
not happen uh in the second half of the
year then you know then again I think
you have a situation where maybe the Fed
feels a little bit more comfortable. But
I I think it really needs to run through
the inflation path. I think that's the
thing that we think is most likely to
move the Fed towards a hike. Again, I
think we'd be watching inflation break
evens. Those have still been reasonably
well behaved. But I think if those were
to move higher as a sign that the market
is getting more concerned about this mix
of easy fiscal policy, bank loan growth
accelerating kind of more market um
confidence and then just broadly a lot
of AI spending into the economy. Um I
think we'd expect that to show up in in
higher inflation break evens than we see
today. Maybe that is something that
moves the Fed to take that step. Andrew,
does the Fed matter still? I mean,
they're sensibly in this restrictive
position, at least according to them at
their last meeting, and we're seeing
incredible issuance in the corporate
debt market. We're seeing IPOs that are
the biggest of all time, and we're
seeing valuations that are incre
extremely rich. How do you square this?
>> Yeah. So, I I think the Fed being on
hold is absolutely fine. I mean, I think
the way I would answer that is is the
market does not need rate cuts to to be
strong. And I think uh there is a lot of
good uh precedent for the market
remaining quite robust and remaining at
elevated valuations when the Fed is is
on hold. We saw that in in 2006. We saw
that through a lot of the the second
half of the 1990s. The market uh doing
just fine if if Fed policy is stable. In
some ways, you know, stable policy
suggests that policyy's in the right
place. I think though a hike would
matter. I mean, and even if it was only
25 basis points, the markets have a
tendency to extrapolate. And so, if if
the Fed or or any central bank, you
know, whenever you make one cut, the
market's naturally going to ask, well,
when is the next one? And I think given
that the market has been so confident
that the next move from the Fed,
whenever it is, is going to be a cut. I
I think stronger signs of the Fed moving
towards a hike absolutely would inject
more volatility into the market and and
also it would you know potentially
flatten the curve which could undermine
some of the strong demand we've seen for
fixed income and and for corporate
credit. Again the fact that you know
yields are higher has been great for
bond demand but you know when you go
back to 2022 and when that curve was
flatter or even inverting those high
yields didn't bring in the same demand
flows were weaker. I think the inverted
curve had something to do with that.
Andrew, appreciate it. Bit of a clinic
on fixed income. Andrew Sheets there of
Morgan Stanley into the back half of
this year where there is a conversation
beginning to emerge slowly at the
Federal Reserve to consider tighter
policy
>> and the market's essentially saying
please consider this. Please look at
this because we're pricing in a rate
hike almost entirely by the end of this
year. Something more than 50% 70% the
last I checked of a chance of a rate
hike. At what point is the market also
sending a signal like we heard from
Chris Veron that yields where they are
are not high. In fact, they're
completely manageable and this is not
necessarily restrictive monetary policy.
Lots can change, but where the the
pendulum swings, I think a lot of people
are debating.
>> I get the sense that's the argument that
Lori Logan is making at the moment as
well.
>> Not much evidence [music] for
sufficiently tight, restrictive monetary
policy right now.
>> When you see the incredible issuance,
when you see the IPOs, [music] when you
see the risk appetite, it's just not
there.
>> Up next on the program, don't miss this,
Jim Zela of Apollo [music] Global
Management. Then we'll catch up with
Bessie Stevenson of the University of
Michigan, plus the former White House
senior adviser, Alice Hawkstein. [music]
The second hour of Bloomberg
surveillance just around the corner.
Whatever concern we have about the
consumer, they're still spending.
>> The Fed will remain on hold [music] for
the rest of the year. No matter what the
Fed does, everything else is kind of
self-correcting.
>> You're seeing a bond market that flipped
from cuts to the potential for hikes.
>> The bond market still very much believes
[music] that the Fed is going to fight
this inflation.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts [music]
right now. Pulling back yesterday again
this morning just a little bit on the
S&P 500. We are down by 0.5% [music] on
the NASDAQ by more by 1.25. Here's the
stock responsible for much of the move
so far in the pre-market. Broadcom
[music] disappointing. The stock is down
by 14%. The analysts look at the numbers
and they say the numbers are still
exceptional, but the numbers fell short
at some very high expectations.
>> Yeah, essentially Broadcom beat although
the sales missed some expectations that
were incredibly lofty. You did see uh
this actual guide up for the current
quarter in terms of revenues and
profits, but [music] not as much as some
people had expected. The response tells
you more about positioning and more
about what's we we've been seeing in
other earnings, which has been earnings,
earnings, earnings needs to keep
performing in an incredible way for
people to have faith in a story at these
valuations.
>> I'm really honing in on the supply and
demand [music] issue today. TSMC saying
they're not going to be able to fulfill
demand led by these American customers.
On top of that, you had industry groups.
I'm talking about medical devices, the
retail federation writing letters to the
Treasury Secretary, the Commerce
Secretary saying, "We're excited about
this AI buildout. But we also need
access to memory chips, and this is
going to be a huge problem for us, our
industries, and the American consumer."
>> Bit of a pullback in the equity market.
More still to come on that topic. Let's
turn to the day ahead. Jobless claims a
little bit later this morning [music] at
8:30 Eastern time. We've had a string of
decent data so far this week. Job
openings, [music] ADP, ISM
manufacturing. So far, so good. But I've
said that a few times through the week.
>> Yeah. Although a lot of questions about
what's under the hood of that. There was
some data that came out this morning
from Challenger [music] Gray and
Christmas, the uh the potential planned
job cuts. And in general, they're
actually going down, okay, positive for
the market, but you're seeing the tech
sector planning the greatest number of
layoffs cuts uh in about 2 years. And
they tie it directly to the deployment
of AI. And this kind of goes to the
anxiety a lot of people are looking at
is the job growth or even some of the
resumption of strength sustainable not
only broad-based across the job market
but in some of the higher paid uh jobs
that can lead to wage growth and a
persistence of some of this consumer
strength.
>> Look at the estimate for tomorrow
morning on payrolls 85k. [music]
It's pretty decent. We're told the break
even rate might be somewhere closer to
zero. You get an 85k there's evidence
[music] that job growth is still pretty
healthy in this economy.
>> The unemployment rate is going to be
key. The hours worked is going to be
key. These are the metrics people will
look at to understand whether this Fed
does have a dual mandate and one side of
that mandate is just fine and the other
one not so much.
>> Futures this morning [music]
negative0.5%.
Coming up this hour, we'll catch up with
Jim Zela of Apollo Global Management on
big tech's mega [music] spending spree.
We'll speak to Betsy Stevenson of the
University of Michigan on the AIdriven
changes impacting the workforce and the
former White House senior adviser Amos
Hawkstein on the struggle to make
progress with Iran. We begin this hour
with Broadcom pouring some cold water on
a red-hot tech rally. Apollo Global
Management President Jim Zalto is
highlighting a pressure point on the
horizon. He writes the following. If
Alphabet can't self-fund AI capex, think
about the smaller players. June is
shaping up to be a real stress test for
the investment grade market. Jim joins
us now for more. Jim, good morning. Good
to see you.
>> Good morning. Always fun to be here.
>> Think about the paper that we've been
moving. We have priced almost a trillion
dollars, a trillion dollars plus of
investment grade credit in almost record
time so far this year. We're talking
about mega IPOs on the horizon. Alphabet
Alphabet issuing numbers that are so
difficult to internalize. An $85 billion
capital raise. Is the demand out there
to meet the supply?
>> I think it just shows the breadth of
these global markets. And I think if
I've come here in the last couple of
years and uh I've used a term, it's
always and not or. It's it's the IG
market and the private credit market and
the equity market. And I think that
theme just really continues. I mean
certainly uh what Alphabet executed this
year last this past week um in the scale
the scope uh I I I suspect it won't
won't be the first uh big mandatory
convert that gets done. I'm sure many
other companies in that sector are now
looking at these securities. The ability
for an investor to to clip a nice coupon
and have a a uh a debt exposure to these
companies. I think that's a that's a a
new market. But I you know I I think
also I would also ask you to take
another step back.
>> Sure.
>> It's not only the scale of these I mean
the last 15 20 years the annual equity
issuance between IPOs and equity capital
markets activity has been plus or minus
200 billion a year. That's the number
last 20 years. You take the year of 21
out of spaxs. you know, with with
OpenAI, Anthropic, and SpaceX, those
three companies will eclipse that
number. And I think there's there's
commentary about what it means to take a
company public today. I mean, the the
scale that you need to achieve to be
relevant is much much higher than it
ever was before. That impacts a lot of
smaller enterprises that are 5 to 10
billion. Um, I I I also think as much as
we're talking in the last four to six
weeks about the AI capex boom uh boom,
which is phenomenal and and
unprecedented, I think we're forgetting
that there's a lot of other industries.
There's the defense industry, there's
the utility industry, there's going to
be a number of other industries. So, I I
think it's broader, but the these
numbers are unprecedented, but it just
shows you the scale of the marketplace.
>> You're getting to the heart of a
potential issue, though. Is the space
for everyone? How much crowding gap will
there be?
>> Well, I do think, you know, we've been
consistent, Torson's been consistent
about um the impact on longer tenor
rates for governments around the globe.
I think that is a very real issue. I've
been consistent here coming here in
January and February and April that
rates were not going down in the short
term. I do think, you know, we've always
talked about 15 20 years ago the
crowding out effect of government debt.
I think you're seeing a a potentially
long-term crowding out of this massive
longduration
capex boom around the globe and the
impact on on on on government debt
yields around the globe. So I think
there is some dynamics that but as I
said a few weeks ago this year the IG
market will have net issuance higher
than the treasury market in the US. I
mean we got to put these numbers in
perspective. the the the mag 7 capex
this year will be larger than the
defense department spending. I mean
these are phenomenal numbers and uh
again I I just think it's it's broader.
I I think there is no doubt that there
is there is health and breadth in the
market but I I think some pullbacks once
in a while and some good questions that
get answered. You know the these numbers
are unprecedented and these companies
will have to make the return on capital
to justify the capex. How are you at
Apollo trying to protect yourself
against the increasing risk as these
numbers get bigger and bigger and as
expectations get higher?
>> Well, it it all goes down to what your
liability is for us because we have um
our third party business as well as our
regulated balance sheet. We're we're
trying to find areas where we can fund
the picks and shovels uh the AI
infrastructure, not just the AI capex to
the equity. There's a there's a
difference. Um, you know, we've been
rumored to be involved in a variety of
chip financings, and those financings
allow you to get in the middle of a
variety of of investment grade companies
that want to fund the purchase of the
chips for a variety of these companies.
And you can do it in a in a structure
that basically lets you advertise that
risk over three, five, seven years. So
you you either are taking if you take
residual risk, you've taken your basis
down to zero. So, I think there's ways
to do that. I'm not suggesting there's
investors who are really good at buying
the equity of these businesses. That's
not what we do. But I think the the
ability to fund the infrastructure and
and really structure it such you're not
taking residual risk. I think there's an
ability to do that. Now, it comes at a
lower rate, a higher quality
counterparty, but that's all really
structuring.
>> Well, let's talk about the rumors. So,
I'll explore them in ways that maybe
don't put you on the spot too much.
Let's just say there is a firm that's
getting together with another firm maybe
talking about roughly $36 billion of
debt financing to help maybe some
company like Anthropic pay for some
chips from say Google that Broadcom
helps develop. Let's just throw that out
there and just say maybe that's a story
that might be on the rise and something
that happens. Let's get into how you
structure that. So there's a senior part
senior trunch and then you've got a
subordinated tunch as well. Can you just
explain to us how you could use an IG
balance sheet like Broadcom to support
something like that? Just how people
understand how you deal.
>> I think that the the what I would want
to highlight is in every financing
there's folks who want to take shorter
duration risk 1 2 3 years. There's folks
that want to take longer duration risk 3
five seven years. There's either senior
and then they're subordinated. So
between maturity, between where you fit
in that stack, you appeal to different
buyers in the fixed income universe. The
fixed income universe is like the equity
universe. There's value buyers, there's
growth buyers, there's growth at
reasonable price buyers. In the equity
market, in the in the in the fixed
income market, there's folks who like
short duration risk, one year, two-year
risk, i.e. sometimes banks. There's
longer duration investors who will take
more of a a residual risk. And so you're
just appealing to different risk
tolerance all in the investment grade
community, but you're doing it just like
in the equity market when when Alphabet
goes out and raises an equity deal and a
mandatory convert, you get what you what
they're really doing is they're
appealing to a uh an income buyer in the
equity market that might not necessarily
be able to buy that equity because of
the low dividend yield. So again, you're
just really appealing to the the beauty
of the US is we have the most robust,
deepest, broadest markets in the world.
And so, you know, a company can do a
mandatory convert 5, 10, 15, 20 billion
in size. And there's plenty of of equity
income accounts that want to buy that.
And you can also do a large equity
offering and then a follow on at the
money offering over the next several
months. And there's breadth and depth.
very nowhere else in the globe has that
breadth and depth of the marketplace.
>> Breth and depth is certainly uh here
which is a reason why you're seeing this
inc these incredible IPOs and debt
issuance. The scale of money being
raised though around the world really is
mindboggling. It's not just the US, it's
Germany, it's also over in Asia in a
number of places, whether it's IPOs,
whether it's uh corporate debt. Where is
the money coming from? Right? I mean,
how do you compete for this money? And
how much higher do yields have to go?
Not just in the Treasury world, but also
on your end, when you see coupons, don't
they have to climb considerably just to
compete for your capital? Well, you
know, you know, rel relative even though
rates have risen to where they were
three to four years ago in the US, rates
in the US are approximately where
they've been over the last 30 to 40
years. Like we're in a more normal rate
environment right now. And a theme that
I've been talking about when I've been
here the last couple of years is we have
an amazing broad retirement challenge
around the globe. There are many
investors in the UK and Canada and
Australia and the West that do not have
the right retirement savings structure.
At the same time, you've got this major
global industrial capex. Today, it's an
AI. It'll be in other industries. And
appropriately matching that duration of
demand for assets with the duration of
the companies needing to borrow money,
it actually you'd be surprised the depth
and breadth of these markets. And so,
you know, we're active now in the UK. In
the UK, there's a concept called
matching adjustment, whereas a regulated
balance sheet, you need to actually have
long duration. And so, they funded
student housing and a lot of other
activities. So, you know, I I do think
there is a natural point in time right
now where we do have these retirement
pools around the globe that are looking
to invest long-term. And actually, if
you look at what the Treasury market has
done, the Treasury has really been
funding a lot of their financing in the
short end, the last three to five years,
really one to fiveyear financing.
There's a shortage of long duration
paper out in the globe right now. You've
had other guests on this show talk about
the lack of long duration assets against
the the the breadth of long duration
liability. So, I I I do think that's a a
broader theme that we should talk about.
The other thing I would talk about is,
you know, this came up last year. We
were talking about a lot of the tariff
activity. The the benefit of the breadth
of and of this of these capital markets
is US companies are the beneficiary of
lowerc cost capital and access to
capital. That's a that's a that's a
that's a flywheel of economic growth.
And again going back what Alphabet was
able to do their IPO was you know 1.7
billion 26 years ago or 25 years ago and
it's it is phenomenal but it is a it's a
hidden gem of the US economy and so when
we talk about taxing foreign investors
we have to be very very careful because
this cost of capital this breadth of
capital I I think it's no surprise that
we've been leading the globe in this in
this capex cycle because these companies
do have access.
>> It's the secret source without a doubt.
Without a doubt. Are we at the creative
stage of financing? From the outside
looking in, people might hear some of
these stories, the conversation we just
had and they'll think circular financing
off balance sheet debt. Are we at the
creative stage? The more dangerous stage
I would suggest.
>> You know, I think that you always have
to be aware of who's taking equity risk
at a fixed rate of return. Um I think
you know my 41 years tell me I want to
be investing with the leading companies.
When you think about the world today in
terms of winner takemost concentration
in the top three or four companies I I
think it would lead you to be wanting to
invest alongside these companies and to
do so in a in a manner where you are
well structured with downside
protection. But I I I I think that there
let me be there very clear there will be
companies that enter this capex cycle
some on the investment grade side some
on the non-investment grade side that
their business models will prove not to
be as resilient over 5 10 years that's
the destructive e aspect of capitalism
um and I think you're getting paid for
it still with with a lot of structure um
but I I I do think the overall trend is
in the right direction
>> so We're not at the pro at the very
precipice of hitting capital constraints
right now.
>> I I I don't think so. I think you know I
I do think it's interesting when you
think about you know why Alphabet did
this. I mean there is a depth and
breadth in the IG market. We talked
about it earlier how much they've done.
What what's interesting though is I I
talk about a lot is in the equity market
if you're an investor, you don't mind or
you can you can absorb the idea of
getting very concentrated in a name
because you can move in and out of it
very quickly and you're getting paid
because of the convexity of that equity.
In the fixed income market as a IG
buyer, bonds don't go to 200. They can
go down dramatically. and being a little
facicious there. But my point is you
need to have breadth of distribution and
and diversification in the fixed income
markets. And so it's not as if Alphabet
or Microsoft or Broadcom doesn't have
exposure. They're just trying to find a
broader universe of other buyers that
will be able to access and provide
funding.
>> Jim, you're going to stick with us. Jim
Zout there of Apollo Global Management.
Equity futures this morning down by
about 0.5% on the S&P with an update on
stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Isabelle Lee has more. Hey
Isabelle.
>> Hi John. Bank of Japan officials are
considering a quarter percent point
increase to their interest rates. Sourc
is telling us here at Bloomberg the
central bank plans to leave the door
open [music] to another hike later this
year. The BOJ is set to meet on June 16.
Partners [music] Group is ready to curb
investor redemptions in more of its
private equity funds. This comes after
redemption requests from its private
wealth clients [music] surged to more
than 9%. The announcement prompted a
sharp sell-off in the Swiss firm stock.
And more than 24 hours after the polls
closed, they're still counting votes in
a California governor's race [music]
with 58% of precincts reporting.
Republican Steve Hilton is leading,
followed by Democrat Javier Visera.
Fellow Democrat Tommy Styer [music] is
holding on in third. That's your
Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. More from Isabelle
later this hour. Up next on the program,
uncertainty in Iran.
>> In that part of the world, ceasefires
when you're shooting in a more moderate
manner. The negotiation itself is going
very well actually. It might not happen.
Yeah, who knows? But if it happens, it
could happen like over the weekend.
>> Up next, we'll catch [music] up with Jim
Zela of Apollo Global Management on the
threats abroad from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
Equity
futures on the S&P pulling back just a
touch. We're down by 0.4% on the S&P. On
the NASDAQ, we're down by 1.2. Just a
little bit softer in the equity market.
Under surveillance this morning,
uncertainty in Iran.
>> Is the ceasefire with Iran still on?
>> Well, you know, there's a reason for
everything and we hit them pretty hard
in that part of the world. ceasefires
when you're shooting in a more moderate
manner. The negotiation itself has gone
very well. Actually, it might not
happen, you know, who knows, but if it
happens, it could happen like over the
weekend.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
president maintaining a deal could be
near as Thran says there has been no
tangible progress and Hezbollah and
Israel continue to exchange strikes.
>> They continue to exchange strikes. And a
question we have been asking on this
program is at what point would this
administration say actually drones
coming at our allies, ballistic missiles
coming at our allies and our and our air
bases means that the ceasefire is over.
I think the most important story is the
Wall Street Journal overnight saying
Trump has told aids privately that when
he would consider ending the ceasefire
is if Iran targets American troops
directly. So if American troops lives
are injured in a way or that that that
they're killed, that is when maybe he
would decide to end the ceasefire. So
basically, I think this tells Iran they
can continue with some of these clashes
and skirmishes until now until they get
a deal. The president says we're going
to get a deal soon, but the point you've
been making continuously is how many
times have we been here since the end of
February?
>> For markets, it hasn't really mattered.
Who remembers this conversation from a
few months back? Take a listen to this.
Sometimes there's days we should just go
out and just take a walk around for 30
minutes. You just had a quarter with
record M&A, literally record M&A in the
United States and globally. We've really
lost the plot on credit. We're talking
about a little bit of skirmish on the
sidelines here. I suspect if I'm sitting
here in 3 to 6 months, we'll be talking
about a much much different backdrop.
>> Here we are a few months later. Jim Zout
back with us. Jim, congratulations
because you were dead on. Absolutely
right. Few months later, the markets
stopped having this conversation about
this issue. Well, it was it was
interesting to see with a strong
earnings uh season in the last six
weeks, you know, and they were strong
across the board. The big focus was
capex. You know, who has the bigger
capex budget? It almost it's and listen,
that's a marketplace where there's more
greed driving the market than fear is as
David Solomon quoted yesterday. So,
that's certainly the backdrop. I mean
certainly I've been consistent having a
view that for the next year to two years
we think that inflation is a bit more of
a concern. I don't think it's going to
affect the fundamentals of the market. I
I am candidly surprised and I've been
consistent that if we were still talking
about Iran at this point with the
straits being closed and the impact on
oil prices that we would see some second
and third derivative volatility that so
I'm I'm a bit surprised but um you know
uh momentum and emotions can work both
ways and they can change pretty quickly
but I do believe this bigger trend is is
is upon us and uh I I think this will be
the conversation we have for the next
couple of years.
>> Take a walk. That was the advice at the
time and it was good advice too based on
how things have turned out. The one
thing that really surprised us is how
much earnings expectations have climbed
through this war. That was the surprise
clearly to the market as well. Bremo
given the price action we've seen.
>> Yeah. And when they don't out s out
perform in a significant way, then
they're penalized. At what cost? And
ultimately, this is one thing I'm
wondering whether this is keeping either
Jim up or or others the labor market.
And at what point do we start to see the
ramifications of all of these cuts
potentially to pay for AI? And we're
seeing that in some of the Challenger
Christmas Challenger uh reports earlier
this morning.
>> Jim, what stage are we at? The return on
investment stage. Is that still further
down the line? Are we at this point
where you have to cut operational
expenses to support a lot of this
funding, a lot of this debt, a lot of
this money?
>> I I think there's some marginal
optimization around hiring right now. I
I think the secular trends that are the
big question mark in front of a lot of
folks. If we're sitting here in in in
June of 28, we will have a much better
insight in terms of really what's are
the what's the secular impact of of
these this capex cycle and AI on broad
broad employment uh numbers. I think any
changes you see over the next year or
two where, you know, a percent, you
know, a quarter of a percent up or down,
I don't think they're long-term secular
trends. And I think we'll be talking
about how does the the the extent of
this capback cycle, the extent of the AI
boom, the extent of the return on
invested capital. That's the
conversation I think we'll be having.
And I think that then at that point in
time once you have a sense of the
employment numbers or the employment
impact once you have a sense of the
returns then that's going to feed into
is the inflation going to be curtailed
and turning into a deflationary
environment. But I think that's 18 to 24
months out. I think anybody that tells
you they really have it nailed right now
I I would suspect that they really have
not been doing this for a long time
because I think there's a healthy degree
of humility you have to have by making
those huge macro views. Does the labor
market keep you up at night? This
transformation?
>> Not not I I think it does. I think any
leader of a business today is thinking
about how they want to evolve their
business. Last week I was at a
leadership meeting of a bunch of CEOs
down in Texas. They were, you know,
these were not all tech companies and
the big questions were how do I fund my
aspirations in my industry? That was an
ind that was a conversation that they
would not have invited the head of
Apollo to be there 24 months ago. Okay.
we were front and center in that
conversation and they're also thinking
about how they deploy their resources of
which human capital is the biggest
element and they want to execute their
plan today but they also want to make
sure they're investing in the future and
I don't think anybody's having a massive
POS yeah you you're seeing sub headlines
of companies that will make 10 or 20% uh
you know hiring uh cuts across the
board. Yeah, I don't think that's the
that's the mainstream.
>> Jim, it's always good to see you buddy.
Always good. Thank you. Jim's out of
there of Apollo Global Management. A
good lesson for us all. I took a walk
yesterday.
>> Good.
>> Beautiful day in New York.
>> It was beautiful. It was beautiful.
Listen to a podcast with Dar Kos Shahi.
>> Oh, nice.
>> Very good. I'll tell you more about it
in the commercial break,
>> which is not helpful for the audience,
but anyway. All right. Coming up, Betsy
Stevenson of the University of Michigan
joins [music] us next on the jobs
market.
the scale of the numbers involved. It's
so difficult to get your head around all
[music] of this and to internalize it. A
$75 billion IPO. More still to come
later this year. We're talking [music]
about SpaceX first. An $85 billion
equity capital raise. I've mentioned the
number of issuance that we've seen, the
supply on the investment grade side,
state side, topping 1 trillion already
so [music] far this year. The scale of
it is just off the charts. Lisa,
>> yeah, it's the releveraging of the
industrial world. It's the releveraging
of the corporate sector. It's the
releveraging of a world trying to build
out for a new future. And the tolerance
for it has been absolutely incredible. I
mean, we've all been asking when are the
capital constraints coming? When do
people start pushing back? When do some
of the prices start to get adjusted?
Right now, the answer is not yet. Let's
keep going.
>> You don't see a lot of push back. A
couple of cracks this morning. We can
talk about that. A pullback on the S&P
500. We're down by 0.4. Pull back on the
NASDAQ down by 1.2. Couple of names in
the mix. We need to talk about Broadcom
[music] being one, Crowdstrike being
another. Let's get into some of that
with your morning movers. Your single
names. Yhira has more. Hey, Yhira.
>> Hi, John. The losses are mounting for
Broadcom. shares now down nearly 15%
[music]
in the pre-market as investors focus in
on an AI chip revenue outlook that
[music] failed to clear an increasingly
high bar. That's because uh this name
has added some $270 [music]
billion in market value in just the past
5 days, leaving little room for error.
And that weakness is dragging down the
entire chip trade. So we are seeing
names like Intel, SanDisk, [music] and
ARM all falling in the pre-market. These
are some of the AI stocks that helped
drive the 9-day winning streak on
[music] the S&P that snapped yesterday.
And just goes to show you how high the
bar has become after this earning
[music] season delivered massive beats
from the Mag 7 plus companies like Dell
and HPE. And we end on PBH. This is the
company uh the owner of Calvin Klein and
Tommy Hilfiger. Shares are plunging 22%
[music]
after the company cut its sales outlook
even after it said it would get $100
million in tariff refunds this year.
That's because um the issue is that PBH
is seeing uh weakening demand across the
AMIA [music] region due to the war in
the Middle East. John
>> Yara, thank you. What' you make of that
excuse?
>> I think people aren't buying it because
if that were the case, their shares
wouldn't be down as much. Exactly.
>> That struggles to
>> I just don't think people are really
buying. That's
>> why I give so much credit to the gap CEO
to come out and just say we missed it.
>> We missed the mark.
>> We didn't get [music] not going to blame
the war.
>> You're not going to say
>> we missed it.
>> The shakes aren't uh buying underpants,
>> right? It just doesn't
>> it doesn't it doesn't add up.
>> You know, I hate those excuses, the
weather, foreign exchange.
>> Obviously, it matters to some extent,
but like this
>> I'm not trying
>> you're either in the right spot right
now in retail or you're not. And it
gives me greater confidence when I hear
a CEO like the GAP CEO come out and say,
"We weren't at the right spot at the
right time. We need to pivot. We need to
make a change."
>> Seems like the shares and the
shareholders seem to be agreeing with
you this morning.
>> Equity futures on the S&P 500 this
morning down by 0.4%. On our radar this
morning, the US and Iran struggling to
finalize the details of a peace deal.
Israel and Lebanon reportedly agreeing
to hold strikes, addressing a key
sticking point for Thran.
We actually spoke with Hezbollah for the
first time ever. We didn't know they
spoke and uh they agreed
yesterday. They're not going to shoot.
Israel's not going to shoot. We're just
going to see.
>> Lebanon's president saying a ceasefire
between the two could begin within 24
hours. Elsewhere, SpaceX looking to
raise 75 billion in its IPO. That would
make it the largest of all time and
clear a path for more mega listings,
including Anthropic, which lined up
Morgan Stanley and Goldman to lead its
IPO, which could come as soon as
October. And finally, the Swiss Asset
Manager Partners Group preparing to cap
investor withdrawals across its $1.7
billion evergreen funds. The move coming
after a surge in redemption requests
from private wealth clients triggered
its stock to plunge. That stock has had
a difficult time of it.
>> Yeah. And this kind of feeds on what
people were worried about a couple of
months ago. Although just as we were
talking about with Jim Zelter, it seems
like those fears are getting kind of
backed out in terms of some sort of
broad market ramification. I do think
one point that Jim was talking about was
really important, which is what he said
was the dir of long duration bonds or
long duration assets and this glut of
retirement funds that needs to be
deployed and actually have matching
kinds of assets and liabilities. And I
wonder if you start to see a push back
on some of the retail funds that are
directed that don't have that mismatch
that have a mismatch in terms of
duration. If people want to redeem their
assets more quickly, do you start to see
an increasingly shrinking pool of
potential funds for them to go?
>> We've seen that in these so-called BDCs,
which is like this big compared to
everything else that's happening right
now. And everything that's out that is
happening right now is getting funded
and financed pretty easily based on the
headlines that we've seen.
>> Yeah. the issue and we've heard this
from a lot of private fund managers as
well saying that actually because of the
retail involvement there are some assets
in a discount now because of some of the
stress that you saw earlier this year.
>> There is a bigger question here. Do
these things belong in retail funds that
can be redeemed on a daily basis? And if
there is a retail fund, should it have
longerterm lockups like all the other
funds just to prevent force selling and
then the people who remain in the fund
being left with some of the bad stuff at
the end? Some of the financials had a
difficult 24 hours and that part that
story was part of that. Elsewhere,
investors bracing for the May payrolls
report due out tomorrow. The Dallas Fed
President Lori Logan signaling optimism
that AI will boost labor demand.
>> There are a number of data centers uh
that are either um in the planning stage
or in the construction stage and that's
creating um significant demand uh for
labor. We're seeing wage growth in in
those particular areas.
>> Joining us now to discuss Betsy
Stevenson of the Ford School of Public
Policy at Michigan University. Betsy,
welcome back to the program. It's always
good to hear from you. There's a great
debate on the future of this labor
market given the technological
revolution we're working through right
now. Betsy, how are your thoughts
evolving on that matter?
Well, I mean, I think what we just heard
her say is we're going to see a lot of
construction workers as we build data
centers, but that's not a solution to
the challenges for white collar workers
as AI starts to uh increase efficiency.
I mean, I think what we're seeing right
now is a lot of companies that are still
doing really well and able to grow and
that's why we're not seeing a lot of
layoffs, but we're also not seeing a lot
of hiring. And so what they're doing is
they're trying to take these gains in
terms of increased productivity so that
they can increase their output, but they
can do it um without hiring workers. And
that I think is is I I think that's the
best way for technology to work through
the labor market is to do it in a period
of growth so that people don't lose
jobs, but that people who have jobs
become more productive. The challenge
for the US right now is that it is such
a low higher low fire environment that
the people who do need to enter the
labor market either they lose a job or
they've been out of the labor market and
need to re-enter. They're the ones
struggling and that's why we're seeing
the rate of long-term unemployed
increasing.
>> Betsy, it's really hard for us to judge
at the moment just how tight this labor
market actually is. As you reflect on
that, we've had this negative supply
shock to the labor market. We haven't
had the entrance come into the supply
pool, so to speak, because of these
tighter regulations around immigration
and the enforcement of the southern
border. Betsy, with that in mind, how do
you gauge how loose or supply how loose
or tight this labor market actually is
right now? you know, I I think it's
actually a labor market where we want to
look at the particular skills that
workers have to think about what's
whether it's loose or tight is going to
depend on exactly the market that you're
in and the skills that you have. So, I
think of it as a time of great
reshuffleling. Um, you might find that
you're in actually quite weak labor
market given your skills and where
you're at and that might mean that you
need to skill up with something
different or relocate. So, I that's part
of uh why I think we see it as both.
Wait, it's a weak labor market. No, it's
a tight labor market. I think it's
because it's both. And it really depends
on exactly where you are and what set of
skills you have.
>> Betsy, where are we in what you referred
to before as the white collar recession?
Well, I don't think we're in a a white
collar recession, but I I do think that
we're not really prepared for a lot of
white collar workers to need to make
some transitions. Now, there are some
good things. One is that white collar
workers have developed a lot of skills
around how to learn and develop new
skills. So that makes them actually
really well positioned to make changes
as their company says, "Hey, I don't
need you to do this anymore, but we
might need you to do this other set of
tasks. Can you learn how to do them? Can
you scale up?" And I I think
historically we have seen that that many
workers are able to do this. And you
know, one of the other things we with AI
is that it is disproportionately going
to impact women's jobs, jobs held by
women. and women have historically been
a bit more flexible around whoa I need
to change what I'm doing because my old
job isn't there anymore. So I have a lot
of optimism that we're going to have a
lot of ongoing demand for human workers
and we have workers who are able to have
the flexibility needed to make changes.
But I think we should understand that
any period where people are having to
make changes where there's uncertainty
is going to be a period of weaker
consumer confidence and anxiety around
uh in for the public. So if you push
this through the Fed's response
mechanism, a lot of people are looking
at the labor market report tomorrow as a
guide to whether the labor market can be
some sort of indication of weakness that
could leave the Fed on hold indefinitely
or even remaining uh with an easing
bias. Do you think it's an appropriate
stance for the Fed to be a bit more
dovish with this type of backdrop or do
you think that they should prioritize
inflation because of the uncertainties
around the labor backdrop? Look, uh,
inflation isn't good for workers either.
I think, uh, you know, uh, Jerome Pal
said that a few press conferences ago,
and it really, uh, stuck with me because
I think it's important to remember that
workers don't want unemployment, but
they also don't want inflation. And so
then I, then what the Fed has to do is
look at what is what what can they be
more certain about? Right now,
unfortunately, they can be more certain
about inflationary pressure than they
can about a weak economy. Right? We
still see a GDP now forecast for Q2 of
3% where we saw jolt job openings
actually rise in April. I don't think we
should over interpret those as the
economy is really strong, but I do think
that they make it hard for the Fed to
justify cutting rates at this moment.
>> But Betsy, this inflationary pressure is
coming from a conflict and it's energy
driven. Isn't the Fed historically
haven't they been taught to look through
this?
>> Um, I really I love this. I feel like I
was like in my econ macro class and a
student was like, "Hey, we're supposed
to look through this." You're 100%
right. Um, but there's one problem. We
had high inflation in 2021 and we have a
public that is on tender hooks worried
about inflation. What that means is that
inflation expectations may not be as
well anchored as we need them to be in
order to look through a brief period of
inflation. So what the Fed has to be
looking at is you're absolutely right,
not what is the transitory inflation
that's going to pass through very
quickly, but what's the potential for
that transitory inflation to become
sticky either because it takes the
conflict a while to resolve or because
inflation expectations are not well
anchored.
>> Betsy, well communicated. Thank you,
Betsy Stevenson there of the Ford School
at the University of Michigan. That last
point I think is so important. The way a
policy maker looks at price pressure and
the way the consumer experiences it is
so different. The policy maker might
look at month over month the base
effects and they'll say things are
transitory because of the base effects.
You'll work your way out of this in the
next 12 months. It won't endure. The
consumers experience the accumulation of
price pressure over a period of time
which is why they feel so downbeat about
this economy right now. It's not about
where we are at this given point. It's
how we got here over the last five, six
years.
>> And the fact that people have gotten
accustomed to prices moving around quite
a bit, because they have been moving
around quite a bit,
>> gives companies a bit more leeway to
kick up prices a little bit higher. I
remember what Muhammad Alien said, which
is in board meetings, they took the
sticker off of some of the products they
were selling that had $1.99 or $2.99
that had the price on it, suggested
retail price, so that there could be
more flexibility in real time.
>> You could have 1% inflation
year-over-year. It would not make a
difference to the consumer because price
pressure has built so much over the last
decade. Yeah.
>> It's not going to move the dial. It
really isn't.
>> If the Egg McMuffin now cost $8 rather
than $4 or $3, you know, Houston, we've
got a problem. Allowance is going up.
>> McDonald's is not cheap in New York
City, is it?
>> You know,
you know, then if you have No, it
doesn't. But I think that, you know, the
roll that the offspring buys in the
morning, the inflation gauge has gone up
as has the allowance request.
>> Do what we used to do. Get a bowl of
cereal, right? You know, the
expectations have risen so much in the
in the Bremo household, right?
>> I bet it's one of those I bet it's one
of those like bacon, egg, cheese, add
the avocado. That's 50
>> from the food cart. But yeah, that's
right. I'll just get a slice of toast.
>> Yeah, I can't wait till hear what you
have to say about that.
>> Talk about that later. Let's give you an
update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Cattle feed for humans. You
know that.
>> We'll wait till later. Actually, right
now.
>> Your Bloomberg brief with Isabelle Lee.
Hi Isabelle.
>> Hi John. JP Morgan's Jamie Diamond
pitching the SpaceX IPO to thousands of
the bank's high netw worth clients
today. According to invitation seen by
Bloomberg, Diamond will host a quote
live interactive [music] discussion with
SpaceX executives. The company is
looking to sell over 555 million shares
at [music] $135 a piece. Netflix is
using AI to personalize content for its
customers. Speaking at the Bloomberg
Tech Conference, [music] the streaming
giant said it plans to integrate
generative AI to its platform. It hopes
[music] to gauge the viewers mood and
tailor its recommendations. And in
sports, the New York Knicks are three
wins away from their first title [music]
in 53 years. The Knicks beat the San
Antonio Spurs in the game one of the NBA
Finals 105 to 95. It was New York's 12th
consecutive playoff win. Game two tips
off tomorrow night in Texas. That's your
Bloomberg brief, John.
>> [music]
>> Very cool. Thank you, Isabelle. Thank
you very much. Partial to some musli
sometimes.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> The broader array of cereals doesn't
quite
>> Okay. All I can say is Jonathan Pharaoh.
He should eat cereal. Jonathan Pharaoh.
That's cattle feed for humans. [music]
Jonathan Pharaoh. Maybe Muley.
>> He actually might do it. [laughter]
Just thinking, you know,
>> have good time.
>> I know the younger one hasn't left for
school yet, so I'm just, [laughter] you
know, trying to trying to help him out.
>> That a little bit. I'm sure he's Thank
you [music] very much for the moose.
>> Save mom some money. Oh yeah.
>> Up next on the program, still waiting on
a deal.
>> The Homo Straight will open immediately
upon signing. Now, that's subject to a
couple of areas being cleaned out also
of mines, which we don't think there are
any. So, it'll happen very quickly.
>> We'll catch up with the former White
House senior adviser Amos Hawkstein in
just [music] a moment.
Stocks pulling back here. We're down by
0.5 on the S&P. You'll [music] notice
broadcom in the pre-market new session
lows down by more than 15%. The Nasdaq
is down by 1.3%. Let's talk about
geopolitics under surveillance this
morning. Still waiting on a deal.
The Homo Straight will open immediately
upon signing. Now, that's subject to a
couple of areas being cleaned out also
of mines, which we don't think there are
any, so it'll happen very quickly, and
we'll take the southern route anyway,
but immediately upon signing, we open up
the Armo Street.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
president reiterating an agreement with
Tehran is imminent [music] as the House
voted in favor of a war powers
resolution to halt further action
against Iran. The former White House
senior adviser Amos Hawkstein writing in
the Financial Times, "There is one
solution to all of this. It's not
military, it's diplomatic, and the clock
is running." Amos joins us now for more.
Amos, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> How do you think this one ends up?
>> Well, I was trying to figure out when
you showed the video just now of him
saying the straits will open immediately
upon the deal. And I was looking for a
date cuz I thought that that's what he
said two weeks ago or five weeks ago or
yesterday,
>> 17th, the straight was reopening. Um, so
look, we're we're in this I if I were
anyone watching this, I would say ignore
all videos and all news because it's all
BS.
There's no real talks towards there are
real talks, but you won't know that
you're there until you're there. And so
this is just market management and so
on. And I actually think the market
should just ignore it. Ignore the war.
We have a c we've had a ceasefire. It's
been in place for weeks. The straits
have not opened despite the fact that we
have a ceasefire. We have flare-ups
every once in a while. I mean, think
about it. Iran fired at the Kuwait
airport.
>> The pictures are shocking.
>> Our ally where we have military presence
in Kuwait near the airport. We have the
US military presence. They shot at
Bahrain.
>> Uh, and we're saying no, no, the
ceasefire is still intact because
ceasefire definition is that we shoot at
lower volumes. I think he said
>> I thought that was fair am. I don't know
about you.
>> I've negotiated a number of ceasefires
in my life. Uh we've never accepted, oh
but but you can still shoot. Um that's
sort of the tenant of seize the fire.
But um so I think it's all fine because
we have about four weeks or so still of
buffers for the economy, then they go
away. So this is sort of it's by it's
very binary.
>> I think the president's point on the
ceasefire is that given the region
you're in and the neighborhood, the
shooting in a more moderate matter is
what he's meant. It basically suffices
for how they feel right now. But I'm
totally with you. It It's not clear to
me what would it take for this
administration to say Iran has crossed
our red line in terms of a ceasefire.
But when it comes to this summer, the
president to the New York Post said
potentially the straight won't open, the
blockade won't lift until September.
>> Yeah, I don't think that's real. uh
because
we're acting as though the crisis is not
affecting
uh the energy market because we have
enough which is true. We actually do.
The market's working the way it's
supposed to. After the 1970s crisis, we
said we need a lot of inventories. So we
created the SPR in the United States and
Japan. We created commercial stocks, but
those are all drawing at historically
high levels and they're not renewable.
Okay? They are finite. When they run
out, they don't exist anymore. And we're
take so we know we have a road map of
when that will happen. Some of that will
happen at the end of June, early July
and the SPR probably mid July. That's
the timeline that the administration has
to reach a deal. After that, they can't.
After that, the leverage is gone.
>> You worked for Biden and you were really
the energy zar for the Biden
administration, and we had the highest
gas prices this country has ever seen,
north of $5 a gallon. Will Trump now own
that? You think this summer? Will he
surpass that?
>> I mean, look at his polling numbers. He
owns it now, not this summer. It's $5.3.
June 14 was the highest price in 2022.
>> Well, we're not there yet.
>> We're not, but we reached 450.
>> They deployed the strategic midterm
reserve. Do you remember?
>> Yes. Do you remember?
>> And I expect that to happen.
>> Are we now in June and it's the midterm?
Here's the difference. When we deployed
it, it brought down the prices to below
$4 by August.
So, we already knew where the solution
was because we didn't have a disruption.
Now, if you continue this for a few more
weeks, what do you do then? The SPR is
not available to you anymore.
>> What are they going to do?
>> Well, I think at some point they'll
probably look at restricting exports.
They'll they'll look at all the things
that we talked about.
>> Actually work.
>> It it will work on to some degree if
they do. Not banning export restricting,
but again, this is if they don't reach a
deal. I think they will reach the deal
before the timeline. I said that the
president says September it won't happen
because he'll have to reach a deal
before because that's when you're near
the the energy cliff and it is a cliff
guys. It's not a this is not a we think
we know if you reach the tank bottoms
and you can't take out. So we're not
living on an increased production. The
United States has not increased oil
production at all in this war because
every day you tell them, "Oh guys, put a
billion dollars in the ground, but the
war is about to end in the next 24 hours
and your billion dollars is wasted."
>> We talked about this with Chevron. They
are increasing production as much as
they can currently and they are
exporting a lot of it to European
allies. Do you think there'll be come a
time where they'll stop exporting to
international allies?
>> Why would they? you're getting a higher
price. Remember, Brent price that you
see on your screens here on Bloomberg
are not real. Those are fake prices.
That's computer screen prices. You can't
buy a barrel for that price. Brent is
not selling.
>> Well, how much can you buy for now?
>> Probably 120.
So, in the physical market to get those
barrels, it's much more expensive. So,
if Chevron sees I can sell a barrel for
more, why would I sell it domestically?
That's why they're exporting, but also
increasing as much as they can. They're
right. as much as they can without
increasing capex. That is going to be uh
risked by the war ending. So if you tell
producers the war is about to end, why
would they increase production? We have
only increased production 300,000
barrels in the last year.
So we haven't actually seen any
increased production. So what are we
living on? We're living on inventories
on a buffer. And the buffer gets
smaller. And the market's right to say,
"Okay, but there's I don't need it to be
a crisis right now because I have the
buffer."
>> Yeah. And then you get this nonlinear
move and and things change. And I
imagine the negotiations would change
pretty quickly too, Brema.
>> Yeah. Which is the reason why Amos says
it's not realistic to get to Lori Day.
>> You don't like that. The strategic
midterm reserve was a good name for at
the time.
>> No, it didn't work for you.
>> But the same people who called it that
at the time. I don't know. We're again
in a midterm year. [laughter] So I'm a
bit confused by the 2022 [music]
May June. Now we're in May June 2026.
>> You know,
>> it's not fair. I'm just confused.
>> One day Biden was coherent and now
people say he wasn't. You know, people
figure things out. It's good to see you.
>> Yeah.
>> Out of Togin from New York. This is
Bloomberg.
>> It's all about AI.
>> We're still seeing a lot of strength and
a lot of momentum around the AI trade.
>> Since March, we haven't seen anything
that resembles anything sort of a
pullback.
>> Demand is showing no signs of slowing
down.
>> Records will be broke over the coming
weeks. This is Bloomberg Surveillance
with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
and An Marie Hordern
>> live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
And your price action, your scores look
[music] like this. Equity futures
pulling back by a third of 1% on the
NASDAQ down by more than one [music]
percentage point. One single name in
focus. Broadcom in the pre-market down
negative by 15% following earnings.
Yeah, people point to the [music] fact
that revenues and their projected sales
didn't come in as high as some of the
highest projections on the street.
Still, they did improve their estimate
for the full year. This just highlights
how much we baked into some of these
names. Outperformance needs to [music]
be met by incredible beats in the
earnings. And if they're not, the
punishment comes.
>> Look at this from Jim Reed over at
Deutsche Bank. Two-month change in the
S&P 500 since World War II. We put out a
chart. Contact [music] Jim, get hold of
it. Fantastic picture. We've only seen
gains like this this rapid coming out of
recession or before [music] the big
market crash of 1987.
Moves this big like we've seen off the
lows of March are pretty rare to almost
unheard of over the last few decades.
>> We were talking yesterday about how if
we made it day 10 in terms of the daily
winning streak, it would be the longest
streak in the S&P 500 going back to 1995
or 1996, that kind of era. That's the
reason why [music] it is rare is because
it tends not to be continued considering
the fact that people start to get
worried about uh elevated valuations.
This is different in the sense that the
earnings have been there. And that's the
reason why the one thing that would make
Max Kentner over at HSBC bearish is if
you do see earnings [music] start to
roll over or the supply of chips start
to exceed demand once more. It was also
crowd strike yesterday. CEO [music]
sounding so optimistic. the worlds of
cyber security and frontier AI collided.
This was the mythos moment, he said in
the in the press release. AI security
infrastructure critical to success of AI
adoption. You were talking about the
need for this type of technology
everywhere and yet disappointment.
>> So stocks are a bit softer this morning
off the back of that. We're down by 0.4%
[music] on the S&P 500. This hour we
shift towards the economic data at 8:30
Eastern time. We get US jobless claims
and it follows a string of better than
expected economic data [music] through
the week so far. Manufacturing the ISM
at the headline level good job openings
exceeding all estimates on Wall Street.
The ADP [music] in line north of 100K
just yesterday and claims claims have
been a snooze for all the right reasons
now for more than a year.
>> Yeah, this has been the low higher low
fire dynamic. That said, all of those
metrics that you just mentioned,
including ISM services that came out
yesterday,
>> there's some hair on them. And this is
what people keep talking about. You take
a look at the employment component of
all of these metrics, [music] not great.
When you take a look at the Joltz
number, it looks fantastic on the
headline number. It looks fantastic in
the ratio of unemployed Americans. And
then when you take a look at the number
of people who feel free enough to quit
their jobs, typically a metro people
look at that actually went down or came
in beneath expectations. So [music]
again, it goes to the confusion of what
actually is happening under the hood.
>> We can do our part to foster confidence
to get people to feel good about the
labor market so that they do [music]
think about switching jobs for
>> and asking.
>> That's that's the data point I always
look for. Nita Richardson joins us
later. Always ask about job switches and
the pay bump that you [music] get from
switching jobs.
>> Decent sign of just how hot this labor
market might be or not.
>> Yeah. And you have seen that tick up in
certain sectors. You also have seen
people who stay [music]
get some wage growth. So, you know,
there are lots of different good news.
Yeah, this is great.
>> Get a pick up in wages.
>> And you always say that economists are
the worst because who's rooting for
people who are the only people on the
planet who worry about hotter wages?
>> Well, yeah. Well, yes, but they're doing
it because of what Betsy Stevenson said,
which is that workers have to pay the
prices on the other side, too. And if
the prices are going up faster than
their wages, that becomes a problem.
>> Prices paid in the ISM yesterday, the
highest since August 22. [music]
>> There you go.
>> Prices paid pretty hot on both the
manufacturing side and the service side
as well.
>> Yeah. And understandably, if people can
keep up with those prices, that's a good
thing. You want people to be able to
afford their lives. But if they can keep
up with the prices, those prices [music]
can keep climbing. And that is the
concern by economists. Not to defend
them, but that's exactly what people
>> wage price spirals are scary things.
>> Exactly. Frightening
>> to nobody else.
>> Exactly.
>> But economists.
>> Coming up, Tracy McMillan of Wells Fargo
[music] with stocks pulling back from
alltime highs. Andrew Daspery of BMP
Parent Bar as Crowdstrike misses the
high bar for software. Nita Richardson
of ADP joins us a little bit later. I'm
right there with you. Of course. No,
you're not. Oh,
>> of course I am. [laughter] We begin this
hour with stocks edging lower after
Broadcom results call off the
record-breaking run for chip makers.
Tracy McMillan of Wells Fargo with a
year-end target on the S&P of 7500,
expecting no Fed rate moves, a better
economy, and increased M&A activity
through to year end. Tracy joins us now
for more. Tracy, a wrinkle this morning
and good to see you. And that wrinkle
comes from Broadcom. What's the lesson
from the price action this morning?
>> Good morning, John. So the lesson is
that after such a a um amazing run like
we've seen in the AI names, there is
still some room for disappointment. So,
uh, we have overweighted information
technology, but we're telling investors
not to chase, uh, those names at these
prices right now. And that they're
probably better opportunities in some
other sectors like industrials or
utilities or even financials.
>> Well, you've liked financials. That's
been a high conviction call. And Tracy,
it hasn't been working. Why hasn't it
been working and why would that change?
Yeah. So, it hasn't been working because
of uh the steepening yield uh I'm sorry,
the the flattening yield curve and the
um private credit issues. And we think
that going forward, we are going to
start to see that yield curve steepen
some. Right now, there are a couple of
price um uh rate hikes priced into the
markets. We think those are going to
come out by the end of the year. And we
also see some additional um potential
upside in rates on the long end. Um M&A
activity, you mentioned that as well.
IPO activity, both really good for
investment banking. So, um all of those
things we think support financials.
>> We were talking about concerns around
private credit. We're getting another
headline this morning. The Blackstone
Private Credit Fund, uh plans to cap
investor redemptions at 5%. This comes
amid a slew of different information
that we've been hearing in including
from the Swiss partners capital we were
talking about earlier this morning. Does
this give you pause or do you think that
this is noise uh given a duration
mismatch and not necessarily a broader
signal about the market?
>> Yeah, so we think that that is not
necessarily a broader signal about the
market. We're we're watching um spreads
in the public markets that are um at uh
near record he tights and so we don't
see broad concern in the fixed income
markets. That said, there are some
pockets in the private credit market
that obviously investors are starting to
worry about. And so we would tell
investors that it's important to keep
that diversification within a fixed
income portfolio with some potentially
in private credit if that fits their
risk profile. But in the public markets,
we are just not seeing that strain.
There's also an issue of consumer
spending with their wages not really
keeping pace. We just saw credit card
balances hit a record 1.28 trillion
dollars on the margins, delinquencies
picking up. Do you see signs the
consumer is getting tired? Does that
give you pause?
>> Yeah. So definitely there is a component
a segment of the consumer that is
starting to get stretched, get tired um
if you will. We've talked about, you
know, the higher prices that they are
experiencing and so they continue to
spend, but some of that spending is now
coming from savings. Some of it's going
onto credit cards. And I think the
positive here is that um it's not all
consumers and we are continuing to see,
you know, some firming in the labor
markets and as long as consumers have
jobs, they can continue to spend. And
really all we're expecting from the
consumption part of GDP this year is
maybe a modest improvement because most
of our GDP expectation is coming from
capex.
>> Tracy, what do you think about the
energy space right now? I noticed in
your note you said you want your
investors portfolios to trim energy
equities and commodities, but we just
heard from Amos Hogstein who basically
said we're living right now globally on
a buffer and when that dries up, you
know, we could see tremendous upside
when it comes to energy prices.
Yeah. So we are telling our investors
that it is a source of funds for some
other areas of the market where we see
better valuation. So, we're not
necessarily disputing the fact that, you
know, almost a billion barrels of oil
have been lost through this conflict and
that there are going to be some pockets
of the global economy that are going to
start to experience severe shortages if
we don't get uh oil flowing again. That
said though, we do think that though
when oil spikes that it is an
opportunity for investors to reposition
because we don't think this is a
longterm
supply issue. It's a supply shock.
>> Is this basically investors needing some
capital to allocate elsewhere maybe with
some upcoming IPOs? Where else do you
see investors moving moving money around
to make sure that they are getting in on
the AI race?
Yeah. So, we definitely think we see
that happening. Um, we have seen the
MAG7 starting to underperform. We've
seen crypto underperforming. And so, we
think it's some of those higher beta
areas of the market where investors are
pulling funds, raising cash so they will
have uh that cash available as these big
IPOs come to market through the summer.
>> Tracy McMillan of Wells Fargo. Tracy,
thank you. Appreciate it. still
constructive on this equity market.
Financials not working really at all.
There's lots of reasons for the bank
trade to work. Hasn't really picked up.
It's been a stop start story through the
year so far. And this story for the
broader financials from the private
credit players that story is not getting
better.
>> No.
>> For the names at least for the
individual stocks, they've struggled to
get off the map.
>> Yeah. And investors still have a desire
to withdraw more than potentially uh the
funds can uh handle without affecting
their other shareholders. this
particular Blackstone private credit
fund saying that repurchase requests
exceeded about 10% or were about 10% of
shares standing and they will only
fulfill about 5% of that and we've seen
this practice pretty much across the
private credit retail focused sector
>> just a cloud hanging over the stocks
through the year so far. Equity futures
on the S&P pulling back by just 0.4%
with an update on stories worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has
more. Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. Dallas Fed President Lori Logan
says the central bank may need to raise
interest rates later this year [music]
to bring inflation back to its 2%
target. Logan joins a symphony of Fed
officials highlighting inflationary
concerns and raising the prospect of
[music] rate hikes. Broadcom shares
falling in pre-market trading. The
company delivered a disappointing
forecast for AI chip revenue. Broadcom
says it's making progress with AI
customers [music] including Alphabet,
Anthropic, and Meta. And some members of
the Glazer family are debating whether
to sell their stake in English football
club Manchester [music] United. After
more than 20 years of ownership, some
family members are trying to convince
others it's time to sell. [music] That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Isabelle, appreciate it. Thanks for the
update. Up next on the program, the
Morning Cause Plus, Andrew [music]
Daspari of BMP Parabar as Crowd Strike
fails to meet sky-high expectations.
That name down in the [music] pre-market
by 10%.
The demand environment looks extremely
good still. um valuations actually still
look pretty good especially on
Broadcom's side. They remain very
entrenched in the key uh players out
there within the the AI AI ecosystem and
as a result um you know I think this is
a place you still want to be um
acknowledging though that there are
risks that are that are heightening.
>> That was Angelo Zeno of CF. Equity
futures this morning look like this on
the S&P 500 down by about 0.4% on
[music] the S&P. On the NASDAQ we're
down by 1.2. Broadcom weighing on this
equity market this morning. More on that
a little bit later. In the bond market,
Treasury yields shaping up as follows.
Twos, tens, and 30s, yields [music] down
across the curve. We're down four basis
points at the front end of the curve
heading into jobless claims 15 minutes
away.
>> And jobless claims have been basically a
straight line. It sort of looks like
what you would see on scrubs if someone
did pass. It seems like we haven't
gotten a real signal here. Do we start
to see anything in terms of either
tightening or uh potentially loosening
ahead of tomorrow's key employment
report? Looking forward to that.
Payroll's just around the corner.
Looking for something around 80 to 90K.
80 to 90K. We've said that a few times
already this morning. [music] Break even
rate for this economy. Some debate about
the estimate around that, but closer to
zero than 100. So, anything north of 50
right now is going to be taken [music]
pretty well.
>> Yeah, I really do think that people are
going to ultimately look at the
unemployment rate and the wage growth
figures because those are going to be
the biggest [music] tells about how much
inflationary pressure. the wage price
spiral that only economists care about.
Emmy, by the way, uh in terms of
perpetuating any kind of inflationary,
>> I'd love to see a wage [music] price
spiral.
>> Same. I was like, I'm excited.
>> Right. For a wage price.
>> Yeah.
>> Bring it on. Let's get you some morning
calls. First up, Brao doesn't want one,
just for the record. McQuary downgrading
board to neutral, expecting market share
to decline meaningfully as Google moves
to insource its chips. Their stock is
down by 15%. Your second call from City,
raising its price target on Oracle to
330, expecting the company's cloud
strength to continue. And your third and
final call from Citizens, hiking its
price target on Crowd Strike to 780 from
550, saying it's a retail opportunity
for a household name in cyber [music]
security. We appreciate that you're
doing your part.
>> She's like the adult in the room.
>> Yes. I think, you know,
>> you know, I I personally don't want to
see prices go [music] to pandemic
levels. I don't want to see my toilet
paper.
>> So, you're going to do your bit and be
$15 for two uh two rolls. I think that's
not necessary.
>> Why are you paying 15 bucks [music] for
two months?
>> I'm saying I don't want that to happen.
>> All right. Okay. Your year end eval must
be fun.
>> Must be so easy for management.
>> All right. Okay. It's like negative.
>> Let's get to crowd strike. Andrew
[laughter] of the Parabar has a neutral
rating on the stock with a $400 price
target. He writes, "AI should be a
catalyst to cyber demand, but the stock
is not attractive on current growth
expectations." Andrew joins us now for
more. Andrew, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Good to see you, sir. Let's just start
with this massive rip off the low before
we even get into today's declines. We're
talking about a name that's up 100% from
the lows of the year. That's right.
>> Why has this become the sweet spot for
software?
>> Well, I think at the beginning of the
year uh we had a lot of the kind of
leaks in terms of uh the AI companies,
the AI labs essentially saying that
they'd be disrupting certain segments of
software and cyber security actually had
was one of those that were flagged and
leaked into the press. What was
interesting is that um after the
announcement that essentially Anthropic
was going to partner with the leading
cyber security companies that completely
changed the entire narrative because
prior to that point cyber security was
considered a disruptable sector. After
that, I think it was viewed as one of
the key sectors in order to protect all
of us from potential uh bad actors in
terms of disrupting u the economy or
anything in that regard with with tools
that are essentially very advanced when
it comes to um how to how to hack
organizations.
>> So, the narrative improves, the stock
gets squeezed because it was beaten up
so much and now you've got this spread
between the narrative and growth
expectations and growth. How do we close
that spread? What are you expecting to
see from the company? Yeah. So, um, at
the end of March, um, there was a
completely change in terms of tenor from
customers. I think, um, the CEO of, uh,
Crowdstrike had mentioned that as well
on the earnings call last night, saying
that he saw a massive inflection point
in terms of, uh, tools that could
protect against, um, AI essentially. So,
in order for companies to deploy AI
internally, they would need to adopt a
lot of tools like CrowdStrike. So what
happened is essentially um the company
is now and this is probably ties into
the the the improved optimism on their
part in terms of the pipeline is that a
lot of customers are are essentially
asking for the tools that crowdstrike
offers among others like Paulo and
others but I would say um crowd in
particular last night was vocal about it
>> at this point. How do you gauge whether
we've already priced in all potential
growth and versus uh you still have more
room to go and this is just a temporary
blip as people are used to a much bigger
outperformance from other techreated
names
>> right no that's a good question and I
think one of the issues is um right now
the stock is baking in a lot more than
what is currently um consent the street
estimates for growth right and I think
part of that is the enthusiasm behind
the potential demand that would come
from what's called AI detection and
response And um I think we we believe
more like look we need to see the the
actual uh revenue coming in before we
get excited about the growth trajectory
right now. And this was the title of my
of BMP's note this morning was mythos
mythos moment or aggressive guide mainly
essentially saying look like you have to
either believe or or you you have to
wait and see and we're more of the wait
and see camp um before we we kind of get
excited and essentially you have to
really put some of the most aggressive
multiples on software on this stock in
order to be really optimistic in terms
of the the performance and that's where
we need to obviously have more proof
before we go there. What does this say
about the amount of leverage being built
into some of these names? And I'm not
just talking about borrowing money, but
I'm talking about levering up the
expected returns over the next 5 to 10
years when there's very little
visibility. Is it getting to a place
that's getting a little too heady for
investors?
>> Right. So, at BMP, we essentially looked
at several stocks that we considered a
kind of AI winners, right? And some of
them cover chip design, some of them
cover cyber security, very few in
software. You guys just talked about
Broadcom for example like these these
all these stocks have kind of been
moving in one direction while a lot of
the other um software stocks for example
have not. So I think when when you look
at how the these uh the you know does
that shift um a lot of is going to be
outside of these companies like own
strategy and and control a lot of it is
going to be what happens for example
with the hardware versus software trade.
I think um a lot of is going to also
depend on what the AI labs do
particularly you know as they go public.
So um we think that a lot of the
expectations versus actual results will
will will be different versus how these
stocks perform. I think the valuation
versus fundamental dislocation has
widened frankly um and so when it comes
to how how this sort of how does the gap
narrow like narrow over time that's
that's the question. Is that why you
have a $400 price target?
>> Well, we did upgrade it last night a bit
uh to five plus over 500. So, we're not
>> 675 I think even with the stock down
10%.
>> Right. So, again, when we talked about
valuation multiples, right, we're we're
applying an 18 times sales, which is
again one of the more higher multiples
we apply in software land. But um like I
said earlier, a lot of um a lot I think
investors are looking at this
incremental revenue that is likely to
materialize over time from the these um
security products and that obviously
hasn't materialized yet. So it's
obviously the valuation is leading the
potential um adoption of these tools.
>> I should I'm sure you don't want to make
headlines about this becoming a bubble.
So I'm not going to put you on the spot.
>> That's outside of my scope.
>> Of course. [laughter] Of course. But as
an analyst who's seen a lot of things
and been in the market for a while, how
unusual is this moment to see this
market get away from analyst
expectations in the way it has done in
the past few months?
>> It doesn't happen that often, but I
think in this case some people are are
considering AI similar to how like the
cloud companies emerged like 10 15 years
ago and what what happened to the
industry at that point. So it's it's
definitely an inflection in terms of uh
change in from a technology standpoint
and so a lot of investors are struggling
to understand how does this play out of
course right um but I would say it's
it's it's unusual. It happens maybe once
every 10 years. So I would say um how
this plays out I I don't know and I
won't I won't I won't give you a
forecast of where if it's a bubble or
not but that's uh that's where we are.
What if for Crowdstrike this is a mythos
moment?
>> What's the upside potential?
>> Well, I mean the TAM would be I think
look this is Crowdstrike's management
team in terms of how they explained it.
They think it could be as big as the
endpoint detection and response market
which is a pretty massive TAM. I mean if
you look at Crowdstrike's revenue that's
still the majority of their revenue
today. I think they're planning to get
to give or take six and a half billion
of revenue this year. So if you if you
if you see how if you if you apply what
they're saying that this could be bigger
than that I mean we're looking at a few
billion dollars of incremental revenue
for crowdstrike and the reason why
companies like Crowd Strike or Palo Alto
Networks or Zcaler are playing that role
is because AI labs um can't detect these
threats um in real time. The you need to
have very accurate um way to detect
them. You can't just take probabilities
or you're in trouble. So they're
considered critical tools in that
process. But to give you a sense of qu
like in terms of how big it could be um
yeah could it be 10 billion could it be
20 billion who knows um one of the
things is uh that they also said is that
the the market for AI security is going
to be meaningfully bigger because we're
not just talking about mobile devices
and workstations which is what Crow is
famous for. We're talking about data
we're talking about models that you need
to protect against prompts right
browsers. This is where users like you
and I essentially engage to um with AI
uh algorithms is is through these
devices. So, it's a lot wider um what I
call threat footprint that you need to
protect against.
>> Andrew, this was smart. Appreciate your
time. Thank you, buddy.
>> Thank you, John.
>> Thanks for coming in. I'm sure you've
got a busy morning ahead of you with
this name. Crowd Strike down in the
pre-market following a major rally, a
massive rally off the lows earlier this
year.
>> I love that. John, I don't want to put
you on the spot and ask you if it's a
bubble, but is it a bubble?
>> Well, no. I think for analysts right
now, this has been somewhat frustrating.
It's not something they're used to.
Usually, the median target on a stock
like this
>> is above where the stock is trading and
for so many of these names is below. And
that's a massive switch because the
markets move so quickly.
>> How do you price in an industrial
revolution? I sound like Dan Ives. I'm
not meaning to, but that's essentially
what an increasing people are saying.
No,
>> second innings.
>> Yeah, it's 10 [music] p.m.
>> Pick a basketball player. Something like
that.
>> No, go ahead. Jaylen Brunson running
>> the Jaylen Brunson of cyber security
>> with a leather jacket. Yeah,
>> you go. [laughter]
>> The opening bow just around the corner
60 minutes away. Equity futures on the
S&P 500 pulling back by 0.4%
on the Nasdaq down by 1.2. [music]
Lots of coverage of Broadcom down in the
pre-market by around 15% through much of
this morning. The next stop for this
market is the economic data. Jobless
claims just seconds away in the bond
market. Twos, tens, and 30s shaping up
as follows. Yields look like this this
morning. Down by four or five basis
points at the front end of the curve on
twos at 4.03% on 10's [music] down to
444. Let's get you some jobs data. Some
claims and some unit labor costs in the
mix as well. Jobless claims coming in at
225. That's the wrong kind of upside.
The median estimate in our survey was
215. [music]
One number just caught my eye. Crossing
the Bloomberg terminal very quickly.
unit labor costs for the first quarter
coming in at 1.8%. [music]
That is a downside surprise. The
estimate was 2.4. So that's a big
downside surprise in many ways, Bremo,
and that's [music] taking some heat. I
would suggest out of this conversation
about a Federal Reserve that might need
to hike sometime soon. Yields down at
the front end of the curve now by some
[music] five basis points.
>> If you're worried about a wage price
spiral theoretically, well, this would
actually dampen some of those fears
because it's not necessarily [music]
picking up at the same pace that many
people expected. The expectation was
2.4% for those unit labor costs. It came
in at 1.8%. You also had a slight upside
surprise in the initial jobless claims.
So again, that is not the right kind of
move if you're looking for some sort of
heat or or growing strength in the US
labor market. So while this isn't
screaming some sort of crisis, it
definitely is dampening some of the
potential inflationary pressure.
>> I'm not going to freak out about claims
just yet. 3-month average still around
215. Anything close to 200k. Things are
okay. Look the other way.
>> But the unit labor cost does catch your
eye. And I know it's the first quarter
and somewhat backward-looking and maybe
things have changed in [music] the last
few months. I don't know. But that sets
the stage for a conversation at the
Federal Reserve to say this is the data
we've got at the moment. Unemployment is
still north of 4%. Wage growth and labor
costs don't look like they're getting
away from us right now. Maybe we've got
time to figure this [music] out through
the summer. So when it comes to urgency,
the ECB is looking to move in the next
week. Maybe the BOJ as well. The Federal
Reserve's just not [music] there yet.
And this market's not screaming at them.
This jobs market is not screaming at
them to make a move. You see consumers
still spending, but they're spending
from their savings. They're not seeing
their wages grow at a commensurate pace
in many cases. And as a result, that is
[music] one reason why people are using
the T-word once again. They might call
it transient, but it's essentially the
same word, which is transitory. And
essentially, that has been the theme.
This would lead maybe more into that
camp.
>> Can you imagine if Walsh uses that word?
>> That would be
>> first news conference out the gate.
>> That would be a bad thing.
>> T-word out the gate.
>> No. Nope. Nope. Don't do it.
>> What if it turns out to be right? it.
But just pick a different word, you
know, pick like honestly a a moving a
moving experience of inflation.
>> Moving experience. Okay. [laughter]
>> Looking forward to this speech that Lisa
is writing for Kevin Wolf.
>> I hope he's not watching.
>> Mr. Chairman, if you're watching this
morning, good morning.
>> Making some edits courtesy of Bremo this
morning ahead of that meeting two weeks
away. Looking forward to that. [music]
Jobless claims 225 the estimate 215.
Unit labor cost for the first quarter
come again at 1.8% the estimate was 2.4.
[music] to discuss. Anna Wong, chief US
economist at Bloomberg Economics joins
us now for more. Anna, welcome to the
program. Just take stock of this labor
market for us heading into payrolls.
What kind of labor market do we have?
>> It's a good labor, it's an improving uh
labor market and with this upside
surprise in jobless claims, I would say
that most of it is due to seasonal
factors. Uh the seasonal factors expect
about five something decline uh decline
in jobs claims and um in fact you know
we have seen a little bit tick uh of
tick up in layoffs enhance uh the
seasonal adjusted uh jobless claims
surprise on the upside but all in all we
are seeing decline in unemployment flows
uh which precedes a decline in
continuing claims flows. So, we're
expecting in the next 6 months
unemployment uh and and uh continuing
claims would continue to go down.
>> That would be good news. One way we're
trying to measure the heat, the
tightness in this labor market, Anna, is
just to look to wage costs, labor unit
costs. Walk us through where we are
right now and how much weight you would
put on unit labor costs for the first
quarter going into the next Fed meeting.
>> Yes. So, first of all, unit labor cost
is a very important concept. At the
Federal Reserve where I used to work,
they would track the underlying pace of
inflation by look at looking at unit
labor cost uh adjusted for productivity
trends and the fact that it's running
below 2% and and this is something that
economists could have predicted because
coming into the year we are seeing that
firms don't have pricing power and
therefore the hiring power is also not
very strong. But now using the latest
earning data, we are seeing renewed wage
pressure growth just a little bit uh not
not as uh strong as 2021. But
nonetheless, I think uh we can take a
little bit of signal from Q1 unit labor
cost that in fact the inflation
underlying pace of inflation was on
track to fall below uh two 3% this year.
>> Anna, what's your base case for rates
now with the team over at Bloomberg
Economics? We are expecting a 25 basis
point cut in fourth quarter of this
year.
>> Okay. Anna Wong there of Bloomberg
Economics. Anna, good to see you as
always. Great to have you in New York as
well. Anna Wong of Bloomberg Economics
looking for better momentum in this
economy, but ultimately a rate reduction
at some point maybe in 4Q later this
year
>> in part because the labor pressures
because ultimately this might be a
moving price increase or it might be a
mercurial price increase that we're
seeing right now. Impermanent price
increases, shifting price increases as
one person. Is this courtesy of chat GBT
Gemini? Who have we got? Who have we got
going? A nice thesaurus
>> AI of of Brammo's brain. No, one person
did suggest shifting. Please keep it
coming. We're going to have a new vocab.
>> You're getting Bloomber subscribers to
weigh in on this, too.
>> Please do. If you have a suggestion,
please send it my way.
>> Nice. Nita Richardson of ADP is waiting
very patiently to weigh in on this.
Nita, good morning. Good to see you.
>> Good morning. Good morning.
>> I'll give you a pass on that particular
debate. Let's talk about this labor
market. How tight are things? What do
you see? We had a really decent ADP
print early this week.
>> In fact, uh when I saw the number, I
thought immediately of Lisa because she
has been asking me for several months
now, is this employment picture
broadening out? Is the hiring pattern
broadening past healthcare? And yes,
this month it did. This was the first
month we've seen in years with this
broad of a hiring pattern across eight
out of 10 super sectors. Even
manufacturing for the first time in over
two years saw positive job gains and we
saw gains on all all size fronts in
terms of the establishment sizes. But to
your question on tightness, if you look
at the wage data, it ain't tight yet.
And so the quality of the new jobs
different beast than the quality of jobs
two years ago that means lower pay
growth not higher. And so when we look
at job changer pay growth and we can
match them indivi with each individual
for each cohort it's down a bit from
last month 6 and a half%. That's not bad
but it's not something that bends in any
way toward a wage price spiral. You talk
about a changing in the composition of
the the types of jobs that are getting
created. Can you give some color around
that? Which jobs are being created and
which aren't that would lead to more
robust wage growth?
>> So, because we're tracking paychecks, we
actually know how much uh how many hours
people are working. And from that, we
can calculate the part-time share of new
jobs and the ex existing headcount for
all jobs. And what we're seeing is that
before the pandemic, part-time share was
about 37%. it's gone up 5 percentage
points. It's now 42% of all the jobs
we're seeing in the payroll data are
part-time. Um and then if you look at
health care, the jobs that are being
produced there, remember healthcare is
the stalwart is producing still the bulk
of job gains. Um those jobs are tending
towards home health care aids and lower
paying health care jobs for the sector.
And then if you look at the size cohort,
it's the young uh the smaller firms that
are creating the bulk of jobs. Over half
of the jobs created in the ADP report
were for firms with under 50 in
headcount and they tend to have slower
pay growth. So all in all, this is a
lower wage dynamic than we saw before
the pandemic. You know, you talk about
part-time jobs, and it's something that
people talk about when we get these jobs
numbers, the job growth numbers, and
they say that they're overly inflated,
because they reflect people getting
multiple jobs. They reflect someone
having to work three different jobs to
support their family. How much is that
what we're seeing in the headline
numbers? And frankly, even from some of
the job creation,
>> well, if you look at the part-time
chair, that suggests that it's more than
one job if you're thinking about uh
supporting a full life, right? So I I
think that multiple jobs uh gig work is
really important. And it's not just
young people who are doing multiple
jobs. It's older workers. It's workers
who are retirement age and now have a
1099 a side business. We used to say
back in the day a side hustle. That's
something New Yorkers are very familiar
with. That is common and growing in the
retirement age uh older age workers. So
this is not going to be an unusual
aspect in a very expensive economy.
affordability is a factor and it's
leading to a lot more uh multiple jobs
may have seen.
>> I met a lot of Uber drivers in this age
cohort that are picking up this second
job. They actually are retire some of
them are retirees and they're finding
other ways to make means. What does this
say about where we are right now in the
economy and inflation?
>> Well, it says a lot about the structural
foundation of the labor market. Yes,
people are working longer, but as you
work longer, that labor force
participation drops. Um, and so you have
this mixed bag of yes, uh, people have
to work longer because they're living
longer and maybe you're spending 30
years in retirement. You're either bored
or broke and you need to go back and get
that second, maybe even that third job
or a different career for
>> Shouldn't people be asking for higher
wages at their primary job instead of
picking up a second or third?
>> Maybe some can, but workers lack that
kind of uh, leadership and being in the
driver's seat that they had during the
great resignation. Remember this is
still a lowf fire low hire environment.
If you look at those jobless claims, if
you look at the jolts numbers, yes, jobs
openings were up in April, but hiring
and quits stayed basically where they
have been. People are not quitting their
job. And if you ask um why early career
are not finding a foothold, maybe it's
because their older brothers and sisters
who got jobs in 2022 aren't leaving
those jobs. They're not being promoted.
They're not seeking new opportunities.
And so that entry level job just isn't
vacant yet.
>> What a labor market they walked into out
of that pandemic. I know they were super
upset about not having um big parties
and stuff because everyone was locked
inside, but they walked into one heck of
a labor market in this country.
>> Yeah. Although they now have a
reputation that isn't great. I mean how
small I mean this is the this is the
question. How many people sort of blame
that generation for the quiet quitting
for not necessarily understanding work
ethics? And that was part of the reason
why certain people were cutting back or
not hiring certain entry-level people
and they were using AI as an excuse.
They made so much money.
>> Yeah, they made so much money.
>> Decent case study of that, right? Okay,
please.
>> New York City. Okay, for those of you
that don't live in New York City,
>> I know where you're going with this.
>> Where am I going with this?
>> West Village.
>> There you go. Good. [laughter]
You used to go and live in Murray Hill,
right? You do an apartment share and now
they all live in the West Village.
Second year grads on on Wall Street
living in the West Village, which is
like, what? When did that happen? kind
of ruining it to be honest. I mean maybe
that's
>> how you feeling [laughter] to tell us
how you really feel about the situation.
But
>> it kind they kind of are.
>> That's how I'm how I'm gauging how much
people are getting paid.
>> I if they're worth it, great. I hope
they set a good example for future
generations that will be going into the
workforce in four years.
>> In defense of Gen Z, [laughter]
>> it's hard to learn the skills of work
without being onboarded. And a lot of
them are embar on boarded in a remote
hybrid work environment and they don't
get the peer and the older peer
mentorship that leads to good work
habits.
>> Drew Matt has shared research from the
New York Fed this week that said youth
unemployment has risen dramatically
since the pandemic and it's not about
AI. It's because they're at home and
they're working from home and they're
not getting the mentor mentorship as you
described and that's why there's a rise
of you unemployment.
>> Is it because they want to work at home
or because their superiors don't want to
work in the office? It's probably a
mixed bag, but I think maybe I mean I
don't know. I hear a lot of Gen Z's that
love the idea of scheduling their
schedule to them, not their employer.
>> Nita, it's good to see you. It always
is. Thank you, Nita Richardson there of
ADP. Just holding on to a better jobs
market. Just a bit of momentum there.
Some broadening gap.
>> I liked her defense of Jenzie. I'm going
to run with that. The idea that they
weren't mentored, they weren't brought
into something. They were
psychologically devastated from the
pandemic of graduating into a a social
void where you really couldn't
experience one another and then they
were voiced into work environments where
you didn't get the normal discussion.
You didn't get the vibes of of an office
of the water cooler. That's that's hard.
>> Yeah. Thank you. Let's get you an update
on stories elsewhere this morning with
your Bloomberg brief. Isabelle Lee has
more. Hey Isabelle.
>> Hi John. Recapping the data we just got.
Jobless claims coming in [music] at
225,000 last week, well above estimates
of 215,000.
[music] Continuing claims coming in at
1.77 million, taken down slightly from
the previous week. Another setback in US
Iran peace talks. The Hezbollah chief
saying the Iranianbacked military group
rejected the ceasefire deal between
Lebanon and Israel. He says the
agreement must include all of Lebanon.
and Black's own private credit fund
hitting its quarterly redemption gate
[music] in the second quarter. It's now
capping withdrawals at 5% despite
investor exit requests hitting 10%. The
news comes after Partners Group
announced it will curb investor
redemptions in more of its private
equity funds. That's your Bloomberg
[music] brief. John
>> Isabelle, thank you. I guess I've got to
come back to it.
>> Oh, no. Really?
>> I got to squeeze it in a little bit.
>> Okay. the generation that won't pick up
the phone [music] and you think they've
been starved of the conversation in the
office.
>> Part of it is because they haven't been
forced to engage in social
circumstances. I can't talk in in in
abstractions. I know that it's not quite
the [music] difference that I I I see
different I see a different Gen Z at
home.
>> Okay.
>> It's not it's noted.
I see the friends. I'm optimistic.
[music] There's some wonderful wonderful
people coming from
>> I totally agree with that. I completely
agree [music] with. We're talking about
a very specific cohort that
>> Yeah, you know,
>> graduated in a very specific I know cuz
I've got to go. [laughter] I've got to
go.
>> Okay, let's go.
>> Just explaining myself. Set you up for
the day ahead. We'll do that next. We'll
catch up with Kelly Kowalski of Mass
Mutual on the further risk to the chip
rally.
The question that I'm trying to figure
out are the impaired stocks or the
impaired groups, are [music] they weak
because they're truly impaired or are
they weak because they're just not AI
stocks? And I think that's the that's
the big question of the moment because
we've been in this highly rotational
market. I think that continues, [music]
but you but you do have to just be aware
of some of these um little cracks around
the edges.
>> That was Chris Veron of Strategus
weighing in on the equity market a
little bit earlier. I got this message
from Kevin Gordon of Schwab moments ago.
I'm Gen Z and I come in peace. I don't
consider Kevin Gordon part of that
generation. [music] Do you?
>> No. He is absolved from any Gen Z
associations after the conversation.
>> We're talking about this very specific
class of Wall Street. Do you remember
that presentation at Goldman by that
like first year analyst?
>> Yes, I know you're talking about
>> put a deck together for partners at
Goldman
>> about how they were overworked.
>> There is an issue and I will just say it
might be a generational thing of people
who grew up on Instagram doing things
and believing themselves to be more
inflated and sort of the vision that you
can craft for yourself on line being
similar to the [music] amount of work
that has to go into. I also think it's a
massive opportunity for anyone of that
generation to separate themselves from
the pack
>> because you just have to act
>> the bar's low
>> right a certain way. Turn up to work
first, stay late, be in the office all
the time, meet with that old school
manager, [music] that boss that's always
there, never takes vacation. You know
what I'm talking about?
>> I do, right?
>> I think you what I love about this is
you're clearly talking about someone.
Who are you talking about?
>> Futures are [music] negative by a third
of 1%. Let's get you some single names,
some stock movers this morning. Yhara
has more. Hi Yhara.
>> Hi John. Well, the AI trade is under
pressure this morning and at the center
of it is Broadcom. Those shares down uh
15% in the pre-market as investors zero
in on an AI chip revenue outlook that
just did not meet the lofty
expectations. That's because investors
added some $270 [music] billion in
market value on this stock in just the
past five sessions, [music] leaving
little room for error. And that weakness
is dragging down the entire chip trade.
We are seeing names like Intel, uh,
SanDisk and ARM down in the pre-market.
And remember, these are the names, uh,
that not just helped us that lifted us
in this 9-day [music]
rally that ended yesterday, but also uh,
lifted us from the lows of March. Uh,
and we end on um on Crowdstrike. Those
shares also falling in the pre-market
uh, 10% after its outlook failed to
[music] impress investors. The outlook
largely matched, but it failed to
justify a stock that has surged nearly
60% [music] year to date. John
>> Yhara, thank you. I appreciate it. One
final point. Can I make one final point?
It's actually in support of that
generation.
>> Oh, good.
>> This, I think, is the strongest
argument. I don't think the upside
potential exists for them in the way
that it used to. And at least that's how
they perceive the jobs market right now.
Let's take Wall Street as an example.
The years that a crazy business is kind
of in the rearview mirror. I think back
in the day if you did that hard work
there was a path there that you could
see with visibility [music] to some real
gains. You could accumulate that wealth
through the stock market.
>> I think that they feel like that's
beyond them that they have to [music]
take these other risks elsewhere. Crypto
yolo names game, you know, name stocks,
all of those kind of things.
>> That's kind of what I'm getting at with
that point. And I understand where that
comes from.
>> Companies don't have commitment to them
in their careers. They don't think
they're going to have one career the
whole life. if they think they're going
to have lots of different careers, they
aren't getting jobs. I mean, how many
graduates are moving back home with
their parents and have no options for
anything. So, I don't know. I I have a I
I I haven't seen [music]
that level of, you know, badness.
>> That's why I have a lot of sympathy. Jim
Biano just writes in, "When did you guys
become the [music] get off my lawn
complaining boomers?" [laughter]
>> Hey, Jim, don't get me started on the
boomers.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I've got strong feelings about that,
too.
>> So, do I. All right.
>> As we count you down to the opening
balance, let's check in on the AI rally
grinding to a halt. The chipmakers
coming under pressure. Kelly Kowalsski
of Mass Mutual writing, "Inves investors
should stay the course, but FOMO
behavior, bottlenecks, capex discipline,
and efficiency gains are risk that
should be monitored." Kelly joins us now
for more. Kelly, good morning. Good to
see you.
>> Good morning.
>> We'll avoid all of that. Are there
cracks emerging in this trade?
>> I don't think there's cracks. I think
this is more about too high of
expectations versus the fundamental
long-term story. We've been accustomed
to revisions of 50%. If you look at sort
of the Gartner forecast for memory chips
for this year, uh, for revenue, it's 3x.
Next year, that's expected to slow to a
20% growth rate. So, we're kind of in
this the joyful part of the parabola,
but I think this sort of, you know, this
modest selloff we're seeing is a bit
healthy because it's kind of resetting
some of these expectations.
>> Is it enough to get back into some of
these names? We wouldn't recommend
chasing the parabas, but we think you
have to stay into the stay in the
market, stay diversified. The risk is
really being underweight this long-term
secular macro trend.
>> How concerned are some of your investors
are some of your clients about just how
quickly things have shifted and their
inability to keep up, their inability to
sort of wrap their heads around some of
the numbers that we're seeing coming out
of IPOs or even just the debt raises?
There are some a some signs of froths, a
little bit of signs of euphoria that
we're seeing. If you look at retail call
buying, maybe some of that is uh Gen Z
trying to to get in on that on that
trade. Um you're seeing some of that. Uh
but at the same time, you've got the
fundamentals that are supporting it
through the through the earning side. So
I don't sort of I don't think we're at
peak growth or peak euphoria yet, but
there are bubbish things coming up. We
don't we don't think AI itself is a
bubble. It's a wave that's going to
crest and and fall. Uh but we should be
on the lookout for you know over
exuberance.
>> How excited are people about space?
>> Uh well I think if you look at sort of
the SpaceX IPO and um you know how much
the uh valuation is there's a lot of
excitement out there. You look at the
ETF flows into some of these new space
ETFs, there's excitement, but again, you
know, going into the IPO, excitement.
Look back uh decades ago to Facebook,
you had a you had some uh negative
returns post that IPO. So, it just
really enforces for us the importance of
taking a long-term view and really
looking at the broader trend versus sort
of the immediate excitement.
>> Kelly, are there some things about this
particular moment for SpaceX that remind
you of that moment for Facebook?
>> Perhaps. What stands out to you?
>> I I I think it's it's hard to when
Facebook IPOed, it's hard to really just
wrap your mind around the future and,
you know, the trillions of dollars of
market cap that they would capture,
right? I I think if you look back at
that moment, no one sort of saw how much
ad revenue they would capture and how
dominant they would be with with
billions of users. And I I think you
kind of have that same paradigm with
when we're talking about data centers in
space, for example. None of us can wrap
our minds around that, right? That that
sounds very far-fetched and and perhaps
right now it is. But looking into the
future, a decade or two, maybe it's
possible. Again, it really comes back to
the long-term view and, you know,
thinking about thinking about it in that
way.
>> Kelly, it's good to see you. Thanks for
being here. Thank you. Kelly, can I ask
you there of Mass Mutual? The failure to
imagine if we were doing this in the '9s
and we were talking about Amazon,
there's no way that I would have
imagined what Amazon would ultimately be
in 25 26 years time.
>> Yeah, books. You thought that it was a
really easy way to get books.
>> Why can a book seller have a market cap
this large? It makes no sense to me
because it wasn't about books.
>> And I remember being really skeptical of
Netflix. Who's going to want to buy a C,
get rent a subscription to get a CD, a
DVD shipped to you in permanence? And
guess what? They totally transform
themselves with debt issuance. They use
the capital markets to really create a
behemoth. This is why you're seeing
analysts fail to get ahead of the
earnings growth that we've been seeing
again and again.
>> This was fun. Appreciate it. No doubt
the conversation will continue after the
show's finished. All right.
>> I think I'll be remote tomorrow. Coming
up tomorrow, Jonathan Golov, Priz of JP
Morgan, Nadia Love of UBS, Jeff
Rosenberg [music]
of Black Rockck from New York City this
morning. Good morning. This was
Bloomberg Surveillance.